You'll need to check the particular policies of each publisher to see what is allowed and what is not allowed.	If you need to publish the book and you have found one publisher that allows it.
You should check the conditions of your journal using the SHERPA/RoMEO list.	You should read the copyright transfer contract that you have signed.
It is not completely true that failures are not published.	One of the consequences of not reporting failures is publication bias.
I started one with that goal in mind back in high school (I'm in college now).	I have never heard of an academic journal specifically meant for high school students.
I am not aware of any university run participant pools.	At the universities I've worked in North America, human-subject studies (esp.
Citing online articles without a clear author depends on the citation format.	There are probably several answers depending on the situation and on the standards in your field.
http://www.higheredjobs.com They have jobs broken down by Job Category, Region, and Institution Type.	At this point I am a broken record: this is one of the situations I found myself in.
Apart from admission (which normally should not be related to age), there is something that's related to your question.	Age is not a PhD admission facor in the continental Europe, too.
Receiving an invitation to help out at a NSF or NIH study session is highly unlikely and logistically difficult.	Reviewing grant proposals as a student is tricky, at least in some fields.
It might be worth mentioning this while you are applying for PhD positions.	If the award is sufficiently prestigious then you should list it, otherwise you should not.
So far, I think this is better to make a rotation of the instructor.	Aside from having common exams, one possibility is to withhold the names of the instructors until the registration is finished.
I think it predominately depends on how you are accessing the other university's resources.	I would not explicitly acknowledge people who have helped you access papers that you don't have access to.
Yes, high-profile journals do typically edit figures for style and consistency.	As grauwulf comments, your job is to focus on the content.
Aeismail makes an important point about location: what's standard in Germany differs from what's standard in the US.	Like so many other matters, your location plays a role in what is considered accepted or not.
I have been using a mode for Emacs called Org-mode to track my research and do project planning.	I highly recommend Wunderkit (recently released) and Wunderlist for organizing to-do list, and taking notes.
What's the best way to make corrections to a published paper?	Journals oftentimes make their procedures regarding varying types of corrections available on their website (e.g., Nature).
I recently attended the annual meetings of the European Economic Association.	One recent conference I've heard that supports such an application is Ubicomp 2012.
If you're a first/second year grad student, go because you have to.	Let's ask another question: is there at least one good reason not to go at the seminars?
To add to other answers: How often one publishes in the most prestigious general journals (e.g.	Another thing is (in conjunction with the number of publications) the number of coauthors, i.e.
I think that the problem is that often many professors underestimate the PhD student's will and personal scientific aims.	One difficulty is that it's far from clear what the ideal dropout rate should be.
This post refers to research in the STEM fields, and may not be applicable to other research topics.	This is about my experience in computer engineering I found that reading for breadth was the more important approach.
HaL ("hyper archive en ligne") is a French open archive repository that covers all fields.	Figshare is a rather new service (compared to ArXiv) that is just starting to gain momentum.
If you don't want to pay for Adobe Acrobat Pro, as @schultem mentions, LaTeX can do this with embedded hyperlinks.	If you don't mind hosting your files online, SlideShare is a good solution.
I think your method (thesis title in the education section) is the standard one.	Some people publish their theses as part of a monograph series.
I think it really depends on how long you plan to work without salary.	Why not just bring up the idea of staying in your current lab with your advisor?
My practice is to replace the initial preprint with the postprint as soon as it is accepted.	I believe you should never include "Submitted to Journal of Blah"; it conveys no information and it's tacky.
Doing outstanding research is what ultimately matters, not the rank of the university.	I don't entirely disagree with the two previous answers: taking the offer you have now may be a fine choice.
I don't think there are likely to be any standards that address this issue specifically.	You're going to find answers all over the map for this one (i.e., there probably aren't "standards").
Your question likely indicates that you need to work on your communication with your advisor.	My advice: don't read everything otherwise you will never finish!
If your paper are on arXiv you can use myarticles widget.	An even easier solution that doesn't require anything except the ability to upload a BibTeX file is Exhibit.
I know that TikZ was mentioned already, but I think it deserve its own answer.	Mathematica is actually good for making all sorts of graphics.
plain text/markup language For mathematics, I think TeX/LaTeX is the way to go.	binary/plain text Other things to consider (for the future) is the movement towards standard meta-data items contained with the research articles (e.g.
I've seen three common ways of funding staff - undoubtedly there are more.	Funding for non-research positions comes from either direct or indirect sources.
My answer would be depending on which GRE are you referring to?	The problem I see with the GREs is that the scoring range is highly compressed.
A good starting point would be to talk to your research advisor about how to handle this, and follow his/her advice.	And, as a small point, if one's work is confidential for the reason that it is so extremely useful/important/wonderful (!?!
You could ask members of your doctoral committee to write you a letter of recommendation each.	You need to strategize with your advisor, or a trusted mentor, about this.
You should do what makes you happy and you find interesting.	You can definitely apply in a different field than your undergraduate.
If you have access to it, you can very easily do that with Thomson Reuters’ Web of Science portal.	You can have a look at the arXiv cultoromics website at http://arxiv.culturomics.org, which however searches in articles on the arXiv.
I did this in the earlier stages of my career, when every little bit of CV weight helped.	On the one hand, it shows that you are engaged in this necessary part of scientific research that is peer-review.
I can also add some other pointer I've come to learn over the years on what constitutes a good reviews.	There are certain things I look for when reviewing papers that are "show stoppers", i.e.
A strong factor for most people will be the financial impact, i.e.	I applied to six graduate schools in my field, and was accepted at all of them.
I would allow rescheduling, but be sure to use a different exam.	In my school, redo exams have a maximum grade of the minimum grade to pass.
I have frequently had to micromanage my students' presentations and writeups.	The first thing I would do is improve/repair your personal relationship with your adviser.
I'm going to answer this question based on my understanding of copyright law in the United Kingdom.	German copyright is very different from UK or US copyright.
In general there are a number of different distinct workflows that lead to a poster.	For completeness, Apple's Pages has quite a few nice poster layouts.
In my field a peer reviewed article counts for a lot more than a chapter in an edited book.	Like a lot of things in academia, I think this will heavily depend on what discipline you're in.
For everything that have been reviewed AND permanently archived then the bibliography is fine.	The best practice is to include standard bibliographic information, a relatively stable hypertext link for current readers (e.g.
Many universities have a unit devoted to providing support with grant applications.	If you are writing proposals for NSF consider volunteering as a reviewer in your discipline.
I agree with the other answer that this is a normal occurrence.	Depending on which country you are talking about, there may be league tables for the universities in that country.
It is perfectly okay to ask for the figure knowing well that the other person may not give.	You can always ask, then it is the choice of the author to accept or not.
There are no services to help you get that coursework accredited.	Most of the courses that I've seen explicitly state that you obtain no credit for doing the course.
In my very personal opinion MDPI is an reputable publisher, but their journals are not first-class.	The peer review process generally differs between predatory and non predatory journals.
I think what you are asking can be carried out using Web of Science.	Adding to Gopi's comment, here's a snapshot of Academic map at work.
aeismail's answer points out two very important points: the deal-breakers and the PD purgatory.	Actually, I think the frame of this question isn't quite right.
The biggest problem with such repositories is that someone has to maintain them.	If you have access to it, you can very easily do that with Thomson Reuters’ Web of Science portal.
In general, I believe, that graduate science education is not a good choice from a purely financial standpoint.	You didn't mention if you want to do an MS in the UK or the US.
As you do more things, you can become more selective with what you list.	First of all: note that there is a difference between an academic CV and a resume.
I have one addendum to the great answers by F'x Pedro, and Henry.	From your description, it sounds like the problem is more likely to have been the MSc supervior than the student.
One thing that I haven't seen mentioned yet is intellectual property rights.	Whatever you are going to do after PhD is your business.
The academic year does start around September in the USA and I think most European countries.	I would not accelerate things, to avoid getting worse grades that you want.
A book I would recommend is Kosslyn's Graph Design for the Eye and Mind.	The preeminent author on this topic is Edward Tufte, who wrote "The Visual Display of Quantitative Information".
If you can re-take the GREs without undue burden -- yes, re-take them.	Many PhD programs in computer science (like my own) don't require GREs; read the application instructions carefully.
I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for A !	You could defer admission, but it's a little unusual to defer for a year.
http://www.glassdoor.com/ works by getting anonymous information from users and sharing it.	I think this page has what you are looking for.
"All of the above"... but maybe not wanting a book that started from a primer on Linear Algebra.	The answer can best be understood in terms of the intended goal of the researcher making the switch.
This is such a loaded question I'm hesitant to answer.	Like @Suresh says, in the US, I would expect that the advisor-advisee relationship would be separate from enrollment in the department.
At some universities, a Post-Doctoral Fellow is a different title than a Post-Doctoral Researcher due to federal regulations in the USA.	In addition to Suresh's answer, I'd say that a postdoc is no longer a student.
For presentations, when you are using graphics from other papers, you refer to the paper.	There are two parts to this question: citation and copyright issues.
Remember that Europe is a big place, comprised of lots of different countries.	There are tough (read respectable) and relatively easy (read weaker) schools and PhD programs in both sides.
Here's an answer based on my experience in the United States.	Everywhere I've attended and worked in Britain, I've called teachers by their first name and been called my first name.
A link to a profile page that makes it clear you're a grad student should be enough.	Personally I hate signatures, I see it as trying to make a superficial impression based on a title.
is there a way to measure my own reviewing bias?	There aren’t many ways for your to evaluate how your reviews stand against others, but there is at least one.
I'll tackle the easiest side of the question first: bringing nothing should not create trouble.	A gift to show your gratitude will always be appreciated.
Applying to Masters Program does not really depend on one single factor but a variety of factors.	Yes, the acknowledgements section of your paper is an appropriate place to thank anyone who provided valuable assistance.
I feel like pointing out that the very use of the word 'productivity' reflects a certain kind of bias towards "quantity".	There is no accepted numerical measure for an individual's academic productivity.
PubMedCentral gives you full text and their API may be able to do it.	There seems to be no service or tool that let's you download articles in bulk.
This recent Nature news item would seem to suggest rather strongly that SCIRP is not a serious outfit.	Yes, I  do indeed have some direct experience with them.
I checked the peer review policy of Nature and Science, I guess that should is the best we can get.	Well, as you said, there is no rule that explicitly says that the information mentioned in a “invitation to review” is confidential.
I don't know how common it is, but certainly some institutions allow student papers.	Have you tried asking your supervisor to deposit the papers?
Edit, again: The question seems to have changed, yet again.	I can think of three reasons why a faculty member might reveal how a student performed on a qualifying examination.
True story: a bottle of wine (well, maybe just half a bottle).	Second, I try to process 10 or so exams before actually marking any of them.
Script only the introduction I can only echo what Artem said about the disadvantages of a script.	I think a script is actually more harmful than good.
I agree with Seteropere completely, "Network Science" is a very broad subject.	I would say you are approaching it in the wrong way.
I prefer to group definitions of notation and symbols with the typical "List of ..." elements.	Email the work to someone (or yourself) well before you hand it over.
If you use bibtex, then you can batch edit with things like sed, awk, or simple find/replace in any text editor.	In my experience, the author syntax changes if you're using DOI or PMID.
I think the answer to your question is very dependent on your subject and the culture of that research area.	I agree that reference formatting for a thesis tends to follow university and discipline specific guidelines.
The first rule, as usual, is: what is expected of you?	I always view "we" as "you and the reader" and you and your reader journey through the subject together.
I would say that it depends on the complexity you get out of it.	You should definitely consider publishing the algorithm, but not before you could say something more than merely a pseudocode.
How many publications or conference papers would you get out of this work?	I've known of a few cases of people prolonging their Ph.Ds to improve their CVs.
Supporting an ideology in an ostentatious manner (rather than privately or discreetly) is a personality problem.	I think for an appropriate answer I'd need to know exactly what the 'bad' ideology is.
When asking a question, it is desirable to explicitly establish a non-confrontational tone.	My personal preference is not to offer a compliment in this setting.
I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for A !	For questions 1 and 2: it depends: you have to find out from your individual advisor/department/university.
If there's a medical reason for it and the student can produce an appropriate doctor's certificate or what not.	You will definitely need to check regulations regarding the wearing of costumes that conceal one's appearance.
This does not fully answer your question, but it is certainly one consideration.	I am a PhD student in Computational Science, which is an interdisciplinary major spanning mathematics, computer science, and engineerning.
TV-L is the German public servant remuneration grade table (Tarifvertrag für den Öffentlichen Dienst der Länder (TV-L)).	I am sure a psychologist could provide an indepth analysis to a large part of this question.
nobody cares about your university, the only important thing at least in Europe is your CV.	Does doing a postdoc mean a commitment to an academic career?
The biggest obstacle is that you haven't been through a Ph.D. program.	It can be very difficult to get government financing depending on where you reside.
A few possible problems: 1) Such an ID system seems a little intrusive.	In mathematics, we already have a database of this sort - two them, in fact, with in MathSciNet and Zentralblatt MATH.
Short answer: The full name is Izvestiya Akademii Nauk SSSR, Tekhnicheskaya Kibernetika.	As others have said, not every (old) article has a DOI or a URL.
In your case, how do you find 14 good leaders from 70 students?	My armchair researching dug up a lot of articles about this.
It depends on whether the black hole is rotating or not.	It's complicated, and it depends on what you mean by "black hole".
As an complement to the other answers, let me address the question of why planets tend towards tidal locking.	The other answers here are fantastic at explaining in a technical sense.
Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.	Stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they formed from.
Of course the apparent relative sizes of the sun and moon are coincidental.	As a matter of fact, yes, it is only a coincidence.
It indeed appears the Andromeda galaxy (M31) and The Milky Way (MW) are en route to a collision.	In a few billion years, the Milky Way and Andromeda will collide.
Stellar mass black holes form from the collapse of massive stars at the end of their lives.	Stellar mass black holes and supermassive black holes likely form from very different mechanisms.
The metal content of the Solar system is completely dominated by the Sun.	The metals that are forming in the sun come from nuclear fusion.
The short answer is: we are made from the "stuff" contributed by many stars.	It is highly unlikely that we're made out of stuff from only one star.
All we know is this : Distant objects are receding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	The expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away from each other.
When you sit in a car, and you suddenly brake, you feel the change in velocity.	If you're big enough and fluid enough, like an atmosphere, you would feel acceleration do to the Earth's motion.
There is no 'still' that is not relative to some other object.	The so called expansion of the universe is not as trivial as most people think.
Like Chris said above, stars rotate to conserve their angular momentum.	Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.
The light will eventually reach galaxy B even though the space between them is expanding.	To answer your question: The speed of light is relative to the metric of the space itself.
According to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around February 2nd.	The AAVSO data seems to indicate that it might have already peaked, at around 10.5 (visual).
All of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle.	I will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flares.
Dark matter, is just a name for something we know nothing of.	Light may account for a small portion of dark matter, but it is unlikely to account for most/all of it.
Compared to the planets the moon changes it's rise and set times very quickly.	The moon didn't abruptly change position, it is gradually and continually changing position.
We are moving "... relative to the comoving cosmic rest frame ... at some 371 km/s towards the constellation Leo".	There is no 'still' that is not relative to some other object.
Yes, it's true that the apparent size of the Moon is 30 arcmin.	When you gaze at the moon "live", you are not seeing a still image.
Let us assume the data for a globular cluster to be equivalent to that of M13.	Globular clusters occupy an interesting place in the spectrum of composite stellar systems.
You'll probably need spectrometer data to distinguish and identify spectral lines.	No, amateur astronomy equipment is not capable of doing such an analysis.
To complete Envite's answer, I would point that you can easily experience that irregularity yourself.	Any body with an irregular mass distribution will experience those wobblings.
4 billion years is the same timeframe of the life remaining to our Sun.	Normally when two galaxies collide, it is the gas that interacts with each other.
The outer shell of the star contains still a lot of hydrogen, after running out of fuel.	If something crashed into it rearranging its content a bit, could its life be extended?
Why is the speed of light 299,792,458 m/s, and not (for instance) 3,1 or 4,3 x 10^44 m/s?	Speed of light being finite is one of the fundamentals of our Universe.
Molten Iron and hot sand - it's not easy to think of something more extreme than this.	So far, we don't have anywhere near enough detail to identify weather on planets in other star systems.
What you're asking, basically, is whether there are any proofs for the heliocentric model of the Solar System.	According to Newton, any binary system revolves around the center of mass.
It very much depends on where on the globe you are in terms of your latitude.	To add to TidalWave's answer, here's another way to think about it.
Only a very small fraction of the elements in the core the supernova get converted into heavier elements.	For a star to become a nova, it needs to have a mass at least 8 times greater than our sun.
As per your definition, a star formed in a binary system (hence near some gravitating body) is a generalised planet.	The main flaw with your definition of a "generalised planet" would be the boundary between stars and planets.
One additional source of evidence comes from other spiral galaxies.	In addition to @MBR's answer; there are other (less confusing) ways to represent the data.
What you're asking, basically, is whether there are any proofs for the heliocentric model of the Solar System.	A black hole has an event horizon which 'marks the point of no return'.
Naively, I would say that you're looking for a periodicity in the luminosity.	Any body with an irregular mass distribution will experience those wobblings.
The energy density of the universe is quite well known.	No energy is in transit as GRBs, just like Gamma rays that started in a GRB.
Even though I'm a professional astronomer (but not an expert on this field), I don't have a good answer.	I can't give you an explicit ant mathematical explanation but maybe this simulations give you a hint.
Light may account for a small portion of dark matter, but it is unlikely to account for most/all of it.	In addition to @MBR's answer; there are other (less confusing) ways to represent the data.
The mass luminosity relation is non-linear (L = M^3.5 for the main sequence) so more massive stars burn at a much faster rate.	The easiest way to think of it is terms of the cube square law coming into play.
Well, when two black holes collide a new black hole is created.	There are currently three classifications of black hole and these are stellar, super massive and miniature.
There is a prior answer here claiming that "a moon with a moon would be an unstable system".	I don't think there are any in the Solar system.
As far as I know all accretion disks are prograde.	Consider a binary system with a neutron star and a companion star.
From 1979 to 1999, Pluto was the eighth planet from the sun.	No, Pluto is a so called resonant trans-neptunian object; the orbital period of Pluto is almost exactly 3:2 (1.5) times that of Neptune.
A method used to calculate the distance between stars is 3 Dimensional trigonometry.	You only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distances to the two stars and their angular separation.
The light will eventually reach galaxy B even though the space between them is expanding.	To any observer between 'A' and 'B' where the light wave passes, it passes with the speed of light.
Like Afzaal Ahmad said black holes evaporate through Hawking radiation, proposed by Stephen Hawking in 1974.	Yes, everything that is in this universe has to say Good bye to its existence.
You're experiencing a few issues all of which have one solution.	Regarding the fact of using the scope indoors: it's understandable, but silly.
Space, as we experience it, is simply three-dimensional Euklidean (flat) space.	Particle like, molecule or atoms or any smallest particle behaves differently in different environment.
Stars can form in circumstellar disks, that are, in general, disks surrounding forming stars, but not in protoplanetary disks.	Yes, unless you want to get really particular with the "protoplanetary" part.
The farther away, the faster the galaxies move away from us.	Here is my answer to a similar question posted on the physics stack exchange website.
The programs I am aware of that you could use do require some programming expertise to operate.	Yes, there is are two python modules called astropy, and astropysics that both claim to have spectral analysis tools.
Main difference (beyond mass, which we can extrapolate to make giant clusters and small galaxies touch) is star age.	There are a couple of important distinctions between the two types of objects.
No, the orbiting rocket was not visible to the naked eye.	In the protostar stage of the Sun, it was surrounded by a (spinning) gas cloud.
From a (more) physics standpoint our acceleration on earth is basically zero from what we can feel.	When you sit in a car, and you suddenly brake, you feel the change in velocity.
After all these astronomic answers, I will add a computer one.	Yes, it's true that the apparent size of the Moon is 30 arcmin.
I think you mean to ask, "What is the local sidereal time of Greenwhich?".	Right Ascension is a celestial coordinate, not a terrestrial one.
I believe your confusion is from combining two popular simplifications of our Universe.	The surface of the 4-dimensional ball (called 3-sphere) is a slice through the universe as a whole for a fixed cosmic time.
Yes, we always look into the past, when looking somewhere.	I think the question is referring to situating a very large mirror in space facing earth.
This is one of the great remaining mysteries of the universe.	In these quantum theories, forces are mediated by particles called gauge bosons.
Yes, binary comets do exist; 8P/Tuttle is an example of one.	If the closing velocity is very low, the energy can be dissipated by the comets squishing.
No - Distances between objects get larger, but galaxies and clusters are dominated locally by gravity.	Ummm this question made me think about a lecture from my teacher.
Nickel plating can improve the surface, but it's not easy in detail: paper on nickel plating.	The aluminum oxide layer forms as soon as oxygen comes in contact with the mirror surface.
The colorful patterns of gas are caused by excitation of gas atoms, e.g.	You might be interested in these two answers: How dense are nebulae?
This has not been answered yet for sure I guess.	You are making the mistake of thinking that there was a single spot in space that everything expanded from.
There are a few more elements which you might consider.	The tail particles from a comet are ejected, so they have a distinct velocity than that of the comet.
Gravitational lensing is the effect that large amounts of gravity have on the path of light.	One star passes in front of another from our perspective.
Pluto: It was disqualified as a planet because orbital dominance was not achieved in the case of Pluto.	Disclaimer: Most of what is written here is based highly on theory and speculation.
No, not all total lunar eclipses will turn the Moon deep red.	The redness of the moon is due to Earth's atmosphere refraction of Sun rays and pollution - dust particles etc.
What I mean to say is, how are the characteristics of event horizon related to Space-Time?	Depends on how the angular momentum (that manifests itself as Earth's rotation) would be absorbed.
In addition to Undo's fine answer, I would like to explain a bit about the motivation behind the definition.	The correct answer is 8 (Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune).
charon and pluto are tidally locked, as is the moon to the earth.	It would require a very precise trajectory for an asteroid to end up in geostationary orbit.
Stars form in star-formation regions, which itself develop from molecular clouds.	It may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy.
If so by how much does it "spoil" the view of stars and galaxies etc.	It does not act as a solid lens, because it does not have a limit surface.
Well, Kepler has explained that 2 randomly moving objects, attracted towards each other, will always form elliptical orbits.	When an object is in orbit, there are two factors at play, not just one.
Dark matter, is just a name for something we know nothing of.	As Yashbhatt said, we can detect light: with our eyes (visible light only) and with special machines.
A black hole (briefly), is nothing more than a dead star whose mass was more than 3 solar masses.	I think you mean to ask, "What is the local sidereal time of Greenwhich?".
I'm not sure I understand your question entirely, but i'll do my best to offer a decent answer.	No, it is not since Jupiter is not a star.
Astronomers use this system simply because it is (was) convenient.	In order to know when a star will be above horizon, you'll need an equation with times, not "celestial latitudes".
In the upper photosphere, the electrons join with the ions to neutralize the atom.	Emission and Absorption lines are due to Kirchhoff's Laws that explain what happens when light passes through a gas.
Over the past 150 years, telescope technology has improved immensely, so we can now see much further than in the past.	There are a couple of different horizons you should care about.
Temperature ($T_{eff}$) can be quite tricky to determine accurately as it interrelates to a number of other fundamental measurements.	The star reaches a critical mass and ignites, blowing away the surrounding material.
We have not discovered every galaxy in existence, nor have we watched each to see how it is spinning.	Rotation: One of the easiest way to show that galaxies rotates are Doppler observations of atomic or molecular lines.
Asphalt roads do a great job at heating up cities!	Actually this is one of the possible ways we have in order to make Mars friendlier to humans.
It appears that way because there is more land reflecting sun light to your retina at the edges.	In the image you are now refering to the only significant brightness difference is between the mare and the "highlands".
Molten Iron and hot sand - it's not easy to think of something more extreme than this.	I would say on the gas giants: Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.
Yes, but it does not stay in the same constellation.	Constellations are human constructs to make sense of the night sky.
There are a few incorrect assumptions in your post, so it is difficult to answer as asked.	We DO have 2 summers and two winters - and 2 springs and autumns too.
It depends on what you plan on using it for.	There is one rule that is generally true for all deep sky objects (nebulae, stars, galaxies,...): Aperture matters!
yes, the equinox will drift over time, but the seasons will not invert every 13000 years.	Dates are set by progress through the currently used calendar.
Asteroids are what are called minor planets - small inner solar system rocky bodies.	The objects you are refering to are actually two different objects: asteroids and comets.
The objects in a galaxy orbit it's center as a planet does with it's star, they keep the same distance.	Density waves cause the build up of galactic material in to spiral arms.
Yes, stacking Barlow lenses is a common practice to effectively increase focal length by multiplying their individual focal lengths.	Kepler did know the orbital period of the Earth, Mars, Venus, Mercury, Jupiter, and Saturn.
It turned out to be not real GRB event, just a false alarm.	The caption for the graph in the article linked says "Raw Data".
The simple answer is yes, because magnetic fields extend to infinity.	You seriously cannot expect the sun to have a layer that would contain some of its harmful radiation.
It may be specified from South westwards(0° to 360°), or from North eastwards and westwards(180° to -180°).	Azimuth is conventionally calculated as a degree value between 0 (inclusive) and 360 (exclusive).
The answers provided to this question so far seem to be good.	You could confirm with taking an image of the star trails.
Short Answer: We won't have to worry about the Galactic Empire any time soon.	As the definition says, a typeIII civilization does change the energy of the galaxy.
As Yashbhatt said, we can detect light: with our eyes (visible light only) and with special machines.	Light may account for a small portion of dark matter, but it is unlikely to account for most/all of it.
the composition of an exoplanet is what is being referred to when someone calls it earth-like.	The earth similarity index (ESI) is a weighted geometric mean of four similarities.
Black holes can evaporate through a quantum process known as Hawking Radiation and that's it.	As far as we know there is nothing that can stop a black hole.
The simple answer is (as with so much in astronomy): We Don't Know Parallel universes may or may not exist.	If they exist, they are out of anything we can ever reach.
They don't attract gravitational force; they have mass, so they exert a gravitational influence upon other objects.	For the purposes of comparison, here's flat, Minkowski spacetime in spherical coordinates: $$\mathrm{d}s^2 = -\mathrm{d}t^2 + \underbrace{\mathrm{d}r^2 + r^2(\mathrm{d}\theta^2+\sin^2\theta\,\mathrm{d}\phi^2)}_\text{Euclidean 3-space}\text{.
This discussion of intrinsic and extrinsic motivation covers most of what you are after.	Intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity.
I can only think of one way to attempt to experience death.	Sort of, think of what it's like when you're asleep, not dreaming.
Time perception is active field of study in psychology and neuroscience.	Wikipedia on time perception The Wikipedia article on "time perception".
Here is a lexical decision task I wrote years ago using PHP and Javascript (github link).	Just for reference, I ended up writing simple web-based lexical decision task software myself.
Here is a way to ignite curiosity about certain objects.	Here's another approach:  Typically, we are curious about things that are deemed "off limits," i.e.
I am not an expert, but I have given this question a fair bit of thought.	I'm not a cognitive science expert, but I happen to have some experience in change management / trying to convince people.
It's pretty difficult to imagine a person with Social Anxiety Disorder being an extrovert.	On the surface, it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn't both exist in the same person.
It is hard to delineate emotion completely from thoughts or sensations, because emotion can contain both.	Technically speaking, an emotion is not different from thought the way it is processed in brain, both involve neurotransmitters.
I've found an additional concept that may be related to the original question: prototype theory.	According to current models of human concept learning, the answer to your question is both.
I just realised that I could share something more helpful and so another answer.	I'm afraid I have to disagree with Mozibur Ullah's answer.
In addition to Mike's suggestion, see the Ratcliff diffusion model and variants thereof.	I'd suggest checking out the Linear Ballistic Accumulator (Donkin et al., 2011) model for a scenario like this.
Scientists studying the matter generally believe multitasking, and women's superiority at it, to be a myth.	I like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching.
Here is an interesting article on NPR about an AI version of the famous Milgram experiment (i.e.	Computers interact with you and so we treat them like other, real people.
It could be the case that it takes time to like some thinks.	One relevant piece of research is the research on the “mere exposure” effect.
I'm using your example, because another example would lead to a different interpretation.	I would like to add a bit of terminology to @what's answer.
In short, there is no simple answer to your question.	No, social psychology is not a subfield of educational psychology.
Yes -- I would look into the literature of attitude change.	I think we should first clarify the difference between simple mathematical operators and a complete formal axiomatic system.
There's a very small percent of people who enjoy the adrenaline of mental exhaustion.	Well that looks like the behavior of any person with a strong passion and focus for his work.
In chimpz, we see stronger chimps beating up weaker chimps that have consensual sex.	The answer has its roots in the evolution of human morality and disgust.
Just a very brief note: in some cultures, sex does not appear to have been confined to private space.	In chimpz, we see stronger chimps beating up weaker chimps that have consensual sex.
(2006) provide the most comprehensive overview of models in this domain.	Diederich & Busemeyer (2003) presented a diffusion model for three choice alternatives (p. 314).
No, that is not the current model of human vision.	There is no true frame rate of the eyes, but there are limitations.
Let me give you some background to your question first.	Most of society can't agree entirely on how to define manliness.
It sounds like you are interested in the Spacing Effect.	The search terms "gradual-interval recall" may give you another area to research.
There are individuals who possess extraordinary memory ability, sometimes called eidetic memory.	There are many arguments for why this is not the case.
Currently, no such high-level maps based directly on human cortex exist (as far as I can tell).	You might be very interested in a paper by Felleman and Van Essen (1991).
Yes, writing increases the modality and attention given to a piece of information.	The behavioral output itself can only indirectly affect memory, but the mechanism of reinforcement lies in its reception of attention.
Spike trigger is a specific type or you could say a sub-set of reverse correlations, covariance and probabilities.	There's the naïve version of spike triggered averaging, and the sophisticated version.
As mentioned in the other comments, ANOVA is problematic when mixing types of predictor variables.	I like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching.
In my experience, there are people who like to follow instructions and those who don't.	Multiple causes of not reading instructions As @crash notes, there are likely many explanations for not reading instructions.
It's a little unclear to me from what you've said that your efforts are truly affecting your brother's ideas.	I would like to put an answer based on my experience in training and coaching others.
The problem with this question is that the answer depends on your definition of psychological health.	Not entirely sure what specific stats you'd be interested in, but Wikipedia has plenty on prevalences of specific mental disorders.
Q: What is the reason for people to implicitly trust their peers in extreme (or not) situations?	One human-being reliance on other(s) awareness is defined by the level of trust between the humans.
You think that minor changes would make the scale better (e.g., by adding/removing an item; tweaking the wording).	If you change the items in a questionnaire, you have a different questionnaire.
The remembering of specific events is known as Episodic memory, and you can find plenty about it online.	the cognitive skills of a human population have a great variance.
Trolling is a complex subject now under serious study in science fields (e.g.	Here is an article explaining trolling based on Sperber and Mercier's "argumentative theory" of human reasoning.
Just a very brief note: in some cultures, sex does not appear to have been confined to private space.	If any one want to be treated as genius then they should roam around fools.
The location of a sound is defined on three dimensions: distance, elevation, and azimuth.	From the physics(acoustics) perspective, the sensory input changes depending upon pitch.
In the scene, it looks like the therapist is confronting a correctly identified repressed belief.	An addition to the other answers: We must remember that we are watching a movie.
I don't know if this is helpful, but I would chime in as a programmer.	The problem that you are describing appears to be a problem of short-term memory.
Sounds no more dubious than the pop-psychological view of Neandertals in general.	I don't think this is a serious scientific theory at all.
I think a good option would be to use a general purpose language.	This is a Mac related answer - I'm sure there are equivalent applications on other platforms.
If a problem is complex, it means that it has many components.	Is there a psychological condition which promotes literal and overly complicated thinking?
Intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity.	According to Frederick Herzberg's two-factor theory of motivation, intrinsic rewards are motivators (e.g.
Kinda : p The overwhelming consensus is that it has more to do with brain/body mass ratios.	One relatively recent review on this topic is Rushton & Ankney (2009).
Presumably the decision of drivers to slow down in response to work zone signage is influenced by many factors.	This short talk deals with issues of "cheating slightly" :Dan Ariely: Our buggy moral code.
Another option is to program in C/C++ using the Tscope library.	OpenSesame is a recent entry that is cross-platform and seems to promote GUI-based design while allowing customization via Python scripting.
This question asks about Psychological journal that focuses on publishing interesting psychological datasets journals where you can publish psychological data.	The Inter-University Consortium for Political and Social Research (ICPSR) provides 8000+ data sets.
This answer is meant to add more information in addition to the one above.	Hallucinations are not necessarily present, although they use to be observed or reported.
The question is slightly confused I feel, so I am not sure there is a good answer.	Humans actually exhibit both slow and fast learning and they have somewhat different properties.
Henderson summarizes very well a number of approaches on human gaze control during real-world scenes and tasks.	If you are looking for a 'brain model of visual navigation', you just have to google it!
I'm not sure the article really covers the economic aspects.	This is just the beginning of an answer, based on what I've read so far.
I'd suggest checking out the Linear Ballistic Accumulator (Donkin et al., 2011) model for a scenario like this.	As per self-regulatory theory people can have two types of regulatory focus: promotion and prevention.
@Jeromy Anglim: I'm actually creating a serial response time task (a widely used learning task) for the iPad now.	FingerFriendlySoft has created an app for all iOS devices (that is, iPod touch, iPhone and iPad) that is called N-back Suite.
When studying adult IQ, general adult norms are often used.	Basically, what you do is you compare each age group IQ to the standardization sample.
Some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $10$, but also for $6$, so that's mixed support from Wikipedia on perfect numbers.	This is indeed possible, but I haven't seen it done experimentally for reasons other than feasibility.
According with the description of Mary, I think that she would devalue her best friend.	Because Mary is in a relationship with John she likes him sexually.
As he says, it's a "cybernetic cycle linking the organism to its environment".	Let's begin by being clear about terminology and what is involved in eye movements at a basic level.
I imagine most software designed for creating psychological experiments will be able to do this.	There's a new program called "Paradigm" that has direct support for typed responses.
There is a processing fluency theory that explains it quite nicely.	Indicator of genetic fitness argument There is an evolutionary psychology argument.
I believe these two beautiful articles target just what you are looking for: Niv, Y., Joel, D., Meilijson, I., & Ruppin, E. (2008).	There's a great 2012 paper by A. Kheifets and Randy Gallistel showing a "probability sense" in animals.
As a neuroscientist, I would be highly doubtful of any neuroscientific 'evidence' about this phenomenon (if it exists).	“Show me a young Conservative and I'll show you someone with no heart.
The answer presumably depends on how you conceptualise the experience of the time traveller relative to the time travel.	This is a tricky topic and my answer will be clearly speculative.
I can only provide a vocabulary with which someone else may answer your second question.	Angst seems to fit your first example about as well as I could imagine any one word fitting.
If your time constraint isn't too strict, I would say its well worth it.	I would recommend the 730 pictures Geneva affective picture database (GAPED).
Reading list As @Jeff has mentioned Tom Griffiths has several useful resources.	In the fairly recent book "The Cambridge Handbook of Computational Psychology", chapter three is devoted to bayesian modeling.
It's interesting to note that until 1973, homosexuality was classified as a paraphilia.	Both of the above answers are incorrect to some degree.
These are interesting studies, but the bottom line is: yes, environment affects cognitive abilities.	I'm not sure what you mean by cognitive capacity, but I absolutely believe that language shapes the way we think.
I've discussed a lot of this recently on my answer to this question: Are there recent theories on physiognomy?	The research literature on stress in general and burnout in particular would be relevant.
The conclusions drawn in Inoue & Matsuzawa's (2007) study, which seems to be available here, are suspect.	It looks like there is a developmental relationship between WM and general IQ: Fry, A. F., & Hale, S. (1996).
This phenomena is much more common than most people realize.	Leonardo da Vinci wrote both upside down, and in a mirror image.
It seems that it is still a matter of debate whether animals are capable of mind wandering.	im new here, so maybe i do not answer according to the rules, please tell me if so.
There are multiple reasons why we may like or dislike certain kind of music.	Following the comments you've received, I'll add my own subjective answer in the affirmative to your first question.
I wonder if Hungarian is particularly good in this way.	With your question you are limiting thinking to conscious and rational thought.
Another relevant resource might be Stephen Kosslyn's Clear and to the Point.	Not surprisingly, there's a huge load of stuff you need to consider when designing things for users.
What you're thinking of is called an Intermittent Reinforcement Schedule.	'Reinforcement' is anything that increases the chances that an organism with repeat a behavior.
One might argue that the skill of critical thinking is the sum of the goal of higher education.	There is a classic paper by Halpern (1998) on the topic.
It is possible that hiccups are a psychological response to excitement, stress or as a way to generate attention.	I would like to put an answer based on my experience in training and coaching others.
If I understand you correctly, you are trying to learn about good practice in designing studies involving subjective scales?	Schwarz (1999) reviews a variety of research on frequency estimation scales.
Since this is a relatively new problem for behavioral researchers, I don't know that there is a common consensus.	I'll address just the first of your three sub-questions, the others have been answered by Chuck Sherrington.
As I am from an education background -I can't do, so I teach.	This is actually the reason why experiments begin in ethics.
The basic effect can be accounted for by connectionist models.	SVM training is typically done in a batch processing, and thus the order of data presentation doesn't matter.
If non-human animals do have intelligence too, why is their intelligence not as advanced as humans?	Your own theory is bad because it seems to follow from a Lamarkian interpretation of evolutionary theory.
So your independent variable is the bug, and your dependent variable is apple size.	I encounter a lot of situations like this in personality research.
I know 2 explanations to such seemingly irrational behaviour in cognitive science.	@OfriRaviv provided a great answer, but I thought I'd add a third alternative I am aware of for completeness.
The cardinal diagnostic trait of "multiple personalities," or dissociative identity disorder (DID), is dissociative states.	I think the difference comes down to awareness and control.
The Hare Psychopathy Checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings.	From an article entitled Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath?
It sounds like you are talking about random allocation of participants to groups for the purpose of running a between-subjects experiment.	Adding to Jeromy's answer, the answer to your question would depend on what you want to study.
Some of the experiences you are describing (e.g., psychedelic states, daydreaming and sleep) are examples of Altered States of Consciousness.	In some form yes if patient is mesmerized by visual heartbeats, acording to Sciencedaily.
For a comprehensive review, see: Berg, D.A., Belnoue, L.,Song,H., Simon A.	Long story short: at least in facial affect perception/expression, there is not a definitive answer to this.
From an article entitled Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath?	The Hare Psychopathology Checklist is considered the current gold standard for measuring potential psychopathy.
Biological Neural Networks : It refers to our brain neural activities.	Artificial neural networks (ANNs) are mathematical constructs, originally designed to approximate biological neurons.
In the book "Six Impossible Things Before Breakfast: The Evolutionary Origins of Belief", Wolpert (2007) discusses the evolutionary origins of belief.	I think this is slightly tautologous, because we all turn to "belief" to explain the things that we don't understand.
One could say that brain is not hardwired for abstract ideas... why?	Abstract algebra and n-dimensional space are constructs of the human mind.
Because a majority of the people are just too plain stupid.	Background on strategy selection We could categorise using tabs as a strategy for using a browser.
These lines seem to be anchored on non-arbitrary points, but their flatness (lack of curves/bumps) may be somewhat arbitrary.	Building off of Nick Stauner's answer, the lobes are named after the cranial bones that cover them.
Human-computer interaction describes the creation of programs that use colors effectively.	Charles Fletcher, one of my professors as an undergraduate, studies reading comprehension.
The number of samples that are necessary for a good parameter estimation does indeed depend on the estimation method.	In the book "Six Impossible Things Before Breakfast: The Evolutionary Origins of Belief", Wolpert (2007) discusses the evolutionary origins of belief.
This seems related to the literature on multiple-cue probability learning (MCPL).	This is a bit of a tangential answer, but hopefully still useful.
Some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $10$, but also for $6$, so that's mixed support from Wikipedia on perfect numbers.	There are numbers - as in groups of objects - that are easily divisible so may have the appeal of symmetry.
I wrap steaks individually in freezer paper, then put them into ziploc freezer bags.	Wrap well in plastic (individually) and then put in a freezer bag.
Do not store coffee in a refrigerator for daily use.	If you use your whole beans within a week it's probably not worth storing it in the refrigerator or freezer.
French Toast is called Pain Perdu in French, which means reclaimed bread.	Scalloped tomatoes - a great way to use up tomatoes and old bread!
I've got quite a few recipes that use chickpeas on my blog.	Here are some of my favorite recipes for garbanzo beans: Crispy Roasted Chickpeas - Very simple.
You can do it sans machine, but you are limited to small batches, and it tends to form crystals.	If you want the ice to remain soft you have to stir it while freezing.
If the alcohol isn't a problem, you could mix some Irish Whiskey with cream and sugar to approximate Bailey's.	If you're looking for alcoholic alternatives then you could use O'Mara's or some other brand (see Wikipedia for a good list).
If I have good beef broth I'd make French Onion soup which needs a very meaty stock.	You could use it as the broth base to make a traditional minestrone.
The syrup makes it much easier to sweeten the lemonade.	Simple Syrup is sugar that is has been dissolved in water.
You can also try cooking the entire bird at a high temperature for a shorter time.	Use bacon to cover the breasts, and remove them for the last 15 minutes to brown them.
When I make French Onion soup I slice my onions very thin.	I prefer chopped onions, so you know you're eating onions.
In addition to oil, make sure the grill is nice and hot before you start cooking.	I'd been using paper towels to oil the grill, and I just discovered that newspapers work a lot better.
I compare it with several other recipes of the same, similar dish.	On top of all of this, I look for conciseness.
Your cooking oil breaks down because of particulate that suspends in the oil as you cook in it.	Reusing your frying oil can actually add to the flavor, to a point.
The best way I have found is to soak the ears in husk for several hours before grilling.	Soak whole ears in the husk in a bowl of water.
I scrape any crusted-on stuff (like pizza cheese) then rinse with water to get any soot off.	As long as the black stuff won't rub off on the pizza, blackness shouldn't matter.
There are actually quite a few differences between the different types of flour.	The difference is the amount of protein contained in the flour which can range from 5% to 15%.
The best thing I've figured out about turning eggs is: do not do it too early.	First thing first, may be obvious but use a non stick pan.
As long as there hasn't been a recent chemical, biological, or nuclear attack you should be fine.	Cinnamon is from the bark of a tree, and nutmeg is a seed.
I use a similar recipe, unfortunately I don't remember the original source, but I've changed over time anyway.	I've only made a couple of bbq sauces, but they've always come out really well.
I place mine in an oiled bowl, covered with a damp tea-towel on top of the heating boiler.	I just fill the sink with some hot water and slap it in there, covered by a clean towel.
My guess is water evaporated from the coppa and the flavors got more concentrated as a result.	The microwave caused heat which released oils from the coppa's spice blend, including capsaicin.
I haven't tried this, but I've heard summer squash makes a good substitute as well.	I managed to find this recipe, I think this is where I got the idea.
What may be easier is to get unsweetened chocolate (Baker's is the most common brand around here).	Use a little if color's the only thing you care about.
I've never adjusted the length of time based on number of eggs.	I don't boil eggs enough to keep a feel for the timing...
I just use a blogspot blog to post them on, works pretty well.	I use a Wiki now and used to use a phpBB forum.
The Hairy Bikers have made a Beer Sabayon before to serve with seafood.	The beer can shouldn't be able to rise above the boiling point of the liquid inside until it is empty.
I just hold the cheese closer to the edge away from the grater.	By the wording of the question, I'm pretty sure you're using one of those pyramidal graters or a "sheet" grater.
This site will convert weights to volumes, and says that you should use .53 of a US cup.	So it turns out she doesn't have any volume measurements either, other than a measuring jug.
I've stored pancakes in the freezer for over two month and not had any freezer burn.	Its going to depend on the type of packaging and also the freezer.
I thought I hated chili growing up because my mother made it with straight kidney beans.	The beans are always my favorite part of chili and I usually use several varieties.
Break the bulb into cloves, breaking off the bottom and the dry stick that goes up the middle.	lay down a knife horizontaly on the cloves and hit it.
A light syrup is what the pros use, so I wouldn't worry about it making anything too sweet.	The type of pan that you use to bake your sponge in can help determine how evenly it will bake.
Keeps the Dog from stealing the meat on the grill!	Like the people say, open lid means directional heat from the coals.
I store most of my home-made granola in Food Saver canisters.	A counter top/toaster oven can probably cover many of your needs.
If you're cooking something that is likely to spill over, you might want to remove it.	Actually I do this, and I do it because my oven is old and tempermental.
Yes it's possible, they just won't be nearly as fluffy and yummy.	The only way that the butter could be incorporated without creaming would be to melt it.
I managed to find this recipe, I think this is where I got the idea.	I've only made a couple of bbq sauces, but they've always come out really well.
I  believe one cannot taste the difference between minced(canned) and fresh garlic once it is cooked.	In my experience, fresh garlic is great for when you want texture, or to slow down the flavour infusion.
Since you note that the inside was nice and juicy, I doubt that salting 30 minutes in advance was the culprit.	It sounds like you may be searing the steak for too long.
As long as you complete the salmon's cooking in the sauce, it's fine.	Freezing kills the parasites in fish that are harmfully to humans.
I would recommend Bottomfeeder if you're interested in this topic.	Consider the castiron stuff from Le Creuset; my father-in-law has one that's at least 50 years old and it's still going strong.
I grill salmon that I get with the skin on.	Salmon is a great choice and it's readily available pretty much everywhere.
Throw it in the oven on about 200 F for 20 minutes or so.	Cut it up and toast to make croûtons, or crumble into bread crumbs.
Another way to remove impurities from water is to just let it sit.	Wired Magazine had a recent guide on how to make crystal clear ice.
The recipe I work from has you put the meat in the freezer, then pan sear it.	Starting with a whole chilled piece of meat, I quickly pour boiling water over all the outside surface.
I belive you also want to move more at the wrist than at the elbow.	Keep in mind that whipping cream or egg whites by hand may take longer than you expect.
They don't taste identical at all, and even more important, they don't smell the same.	Black pepper and white pepper are differing preparations of the fruit of the Piper nigrum plant.
If you can figure a way to thaw them safely, I'd use frozen beer in beer bread.	I would suggest the best way is slow cold running water over the bottle in a bowl that covers it.
First they will absorb water so the cooking will be different, if only for a reduced time.	One reason is to remove some of the indigestible complex sugars that cause gas.
Similar to @Nick's CSA suggestion, I've got friends who formed a (sort of) food conglomerate.	Just taking the "produce" part of your question, what about growing your own?
I've always cooked it on top of aluminum foil, at 350°F (~175°C) for 20 minutes.	I place the bacon in a cold oven and then turn the oven on to 400F.
This depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased.	Tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge, but I actually recommend against keeping them there.
I use a baking pan, and a dough recipe that results in more Sicilian type pie.	You should buy a pizza stone, but if you don't have one you can bake it directly over the grid.
Bar Keeper's Friend in powdered form and some elbow grease will solve this problem.	This is little off the beaten path, but try a solvent gun cleaner (not oil).
The best thing I've figured out about turning eggs is: do not do it too early.	Spraying or wiping your spatula with a little cooking spray may help you slide it under the egg.
Agreed on the OXO Good Grips - I've purchased some for a relative with Parkinson's.	OXO Good grips, definitely Canned or pre-cut vegetables Electric can opener Really sharp knives Magic Bullet or Ninja modular food-processors.
I don't know about "lighter", but one of the thing missing from what you've listed are vegetables.	Counterintuitively, substituting Canadian bacon (peameal bacon) for regular bacon will reduce the fat and calorie count.
ClearJel is a product you may want to look at.	There are several alternatives, but the most common I know of are tapioca flour and arrowroot powder/flour.
Since you specified the 'bbq' tag, I'm assuming you're asking about barbecue.	The secret is simple: Cook them slowly, at lower temperatures.
I can't see any reason for the marinating itself to make any difference.	I suspect it depends what kind of cheese the whey came from.
I don't think I've ever head of a kitchen tool like that.	If you have a local deli, it's at least worth asking to see if they'd cut your meat for you.
I've never put oil on spaghetti's water and i've never seen anyone doing it here in Italy.	In my opinion, all else being equal, Italian style water-boiled pasta tastes bland.
Turn your heat down and leave it on the grill longer.	Here is the method I use for turning out a perfect steak every time.
Since we don't drink alcohol at home, I don't ever have real wine at home.	You can replace the moisture provided by wine with just about any flavorful liquid, but you won't replicate the flavor.
Didn't wanna just add this since it's not free, but cooksillustrated.com has almost all of CI's well-tested, easy-to-follow recipes.	BBC Good Food is a great UK based recipe site.
Just add half a teaspoon (or even less) of white sugar.	I echo the comments about sugar – but don't overdo the sugar either!
I was taught to sift then measure, and to scrape the excess off with a knife.	As others have said, you're essentially screwed if you're using volume to measure flour.
If you're going to use the egg yolks without freezing them you'll typically need to use them the same day.	Eggs can't read calendars and so the expiration date is only a guide.
I don't do sourdough in warm weather, it wastes too much flour.	You just have to add more flour and water periodically so your yeast doesn't die.
Fairly standard fonduta recipe: dice fontina and just cover with milk, leave to sit for a few hours.	Vacherin, Comté or Emmental, I wouldn't go for Gouda, it's not cheese from the fondue regions.
For something requiring no preparation, my first choice would be Maggi Sauce, which is non-soy based.	Try some using sesame oil to go with that garlic and ginger idea.
It's not dangerous but it significantly impacts the quality of the meat.	As the water in the muscle fibers freezes it expands and creates a mushy texture.
Another option is to put the cream in a well-sealed jar (i.e.	Whipped cream was made for centuries before the mixer was invented.
And of course (setting aside any actual food safety concerns), you should just trust your nose and palate.	Dried herbs really do only last around six months, certainly no longer than a year.
Since your example is guacamole, can I very highly recommend (ta-da) Authentic Mexican, by Rick Bayless?	I think you'll need to find a good source for each type of food, unfortunately.
There are two general approaches to making chicken juicy in the oven.	I'd baste it regularly - that's essentially what rotisserie is doing, continual basting.
Gourmet Sleuth can help you with its advanced conversion calculators.	This site will convert weights to volumes, and says that you should use .53 of a US cup.
Bread machines only make loaves the shape of the container.	You absolutely don't need a bread maker for good bread.
Various references, including this one from Lantic sugar note the shelf-life of granulated white sugar as indefinite or effectively forever.	White sugar was commonly used as a preservative in the past, in much the same way as salt.
First of all, I highly recommend you buy an Aeropress.	There was a New York Times article from 2007 on cold-brewed iced coffee.
I've had a few Label Rouge chickens and definitely found them more tasty and richer flavored.	Flavor in most meats is generally determined by a few things.
Coagulated egg proteins in combination with gluten give baked goods the supporting structure they need.	There are basically two types of cakes: butter and sponge (or Génoise).
The Guardian just put out a list of the "top 50 best cookbooks of all time".	Flour is unusually variable in how densely it will settle, so this can make a big difference for some recipes.
I've come across two great, and very different, types of steak.	Thin layer of olive oil on the crust before you add the sauce.
(Storage note: do not wash the bulbs before storing them; place in plastic bag in the refrigerator.	You can peel it and slice it, add some lemon and salt and eat it raw as a fresh salad.
The meat 'is ready' when certain temperature inside it is reached.	Well, I can report that for this particular fillet, 20 minutes was probably a tad to long.
That happened to me with margarine instead of olive oil.	I run into this problem when the probe is placed wrong.
Dijon has a strong taste from the liquid they use in it (it's not quite vinegar, not quite wine).	So from this - http://content.karger.com/produktedb/produkte.asp?typ=pdf&file=IAA2003131004234 - it sounds like they both share IgE-reactive (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immunoglobulin_E) epitopes.
Unless you're really space limited, why not grow several varieties of peppers?	A very flexible pepper that is also good for canning is the hungarian pepper.
There are the temperatures recommended by the USDA and then there are the temperatures recommended for taste.	I'm sorry, but cooking is not a science, though you may apply many scientific principles to it.
You know, I'm right there with you on the sacrilege part, but nowadays I microwave pasta all the time.	All pasta needs to cook is hot water, it doesn't even have to be plentiful hot water at that.
It actually depends on the quality of the shortening you're able to get.	Like Rowland said: use butter, and don't push it around too much.
A common one is haddock and is in season pretty much year round.	White fish are, as a rule, more delicately flavored than darker fleshed fish.
The primary flavors of Greek meats are lemon, oregano, and olive oil.	In Greece, traditionally, they used Chicken or Goat as a white meat and lamb as a dark meat.
A lot of Asian recipes use it as a simple form of batter.	I fold in some cornflour to the meringue when making pavlova.
If you're in the UK Lakeland sell Stayfresh Longer bags: http://www.lakeland.co.uk/stayfresh-longer-bags/F/keyword/vegtable+bags/product/1932_1094_1092 which really work extremely well.	As for fruits (including, for example, tomatoes), ethylene gas is released by fruits and causes them to ripen.
Use a vegetable peeler to peel of large strips of rind.	If by effective you mean which drink is more quivering, then adding the lemon zest doesn't make much difference.
What about Tofu It's essentially the coagulated soy milk, pressed into blocsk.	Seitan is good, and very easy to make at home.
Good cheddar has little chunks of calcium lactate on/in it - could it be that?	I have two suspicions: One, you're undercooking your roux, the flour and butter mixture, and not fully incorporating the flour.
Copper can be useful for certain tasks due to the its metallic properties (heats quickly, distributes heat evenly, etc.	Probably subjective, but ... Good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper.
She obviously has a legit excuse, although she could have been more responsible and "have" told you in advance.	The first have covers both been more responsible and told you in that sentence.
In some cases the implication could even be that Tom does not love her.	There is no implication about Tom whatsoever in such a sentence.
I agree with others (and yourself) in that I have never heard this phrase in English.	I have never heard or seen the phrase you mention.
The assertion is false, at least as you've restated it here.	"I had mainly been" is fine, in the context you're using it.
Usually, blue moon appears in the phrase, once in a blue moon.	A Blue moon is the second full moon in the same month.
I would expect (and accept) native speakers of the language in question to use the foreign pronunciation of foreign words.	For words which are commonly used in English (like "Paris") using the foreign pronunciation is guaranteed to sound pretentious.
It is seat, as reported in this article or this blog post.	It's "The hottest seat" and refers to the seat the guest(s) sit on.
I'd suggest you look to the constructions of the native language(s) of your students.	As bikeboy389 said, you can learn a lot by looking at students' native languages.
And the Irish are the niggers of Europe, Roddy Doyle tells us.	I find the use of the word funny here in the US.
I see some references to status as uncountable as well, but that doesn't make much sense to me.	There are some cases "status" may be accounted of countable.
If I understand you correctly, you are looking for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion.	Inclusion is the act of including and exclusion is the act of excluding.
As you stated in the question, “if it were me” is more common.	It's "if it were me", as opposed to "if I were it".
“The D Word”, in the context of an article about marriage, is divorce.	"A sick child throws a much bigger wrench into the machinery of a factory or retail or service worker’s life.
Most people don't know how to use whom and get it entirely wrong, but that doesn't mean it's archaic.	In my opinion, it depends entirely upon the intended audience.
Firstly, you should be aware that there are two different kinds of dashes: the en dash and the em dash.	Semicolon is used to join sentences that can stand alone, but are joined to emphasize their relationship.
I've always understood it to be 552 (units of) horsepower, where units of is understood and rarely spoken.	Horsepowers is possible in some very limited contexts, but otherwise horsepower is standard.
It's a joke on mistakes made with the English language by foreign countries.	It's a play on titles from self help programs which utilize ellipsis.
Neither word is a proper noun, so technically neither should be capitalized.	If I were filling in a chart, I would certainly capitalize both words, as in "High Cholesterol".
In the U.S., "buffalo" and "bison" are used interchangeably for the species Bison bison (latin name).	To my knowledge, they are all separate species within the Bovini genus.
I think the main reason is a rhythm of pronunciation.	For one thing, "Two Thousand" is shorter to say than "twenty hundred".
I've had people tell me I'm wrong for saying kludge, that kluge is the right pronunciation.	I always use the CLOOJ pronunciation, because that is how I've always heard it.
I actually believe that there are some Germanic influences in the British English pronunciation of the word.	I think the variation in British usage is almost all between users, not between examples of use.
Pardon the brevity of this answer, but I would say "named" is preferred within the context of your example.	Named is preferred in your example, since you are formally giving a name to your method.
In standard English, I think "don't got" has the same register as "ain't".	I'd say the expression I don't got... is generally rare in spoken AmE.
He doesn't is correct, because it is the contraction of He does not.	In most cases when this happens the person is really a non-native English speaker as you said.
This situation, where a pronoun comes after a form of the verb "to be", is called a predicate nominative.	If a pronoun is the subject of a verb, then you use I.
Irritation is relatively mild and is something you find annoying but can handle without a lot of grief.	The difference between irritate and vex is small but definite.
I think both are technically correct, but the former sounds much better.	"In almost all cases" sounds better to me, as almost refers to all:  "almost all".
In this particular case the correct word to use is 'less', since 'people' is a mass/collective noun.	I would say "fewer people"; and it is indeed linked to count vs uncount nouns.
The "more posh" words are usually Latin (occasionally Greek) in origin.	As Shinto pointed out, vulgar words exist in every language.
I'm American, and I've never heard the bathroom referred to as St. John's.	In situations like these, I tend to lengthen out the phrase.
As a native speaker of American English, I'll say that it's at least not a widely used variant.	The Corpus of Contemporary American English shows 4253 occurrences of “ironic” and 134 occurrences of “ironical”, that is 32 to 1.
The room used for defecation is almost always referred to by euphemism.	I'm English, and would probably use 'toilet' most of the time, and always in the context of a private home.
In general English disallows using two different direct possessives together in the some noun phrase.	You can use a possessive pronoun followed by a word with 's (i.e.
I believe "try and do" is more of an oral expression, but has the same meaning as "try to do".	"Try and" has largely been relegated to colloquial use, and "try to" is generally considered the correct form.
I don't think I have ever heard the second version in the US before.	Speaking as an Englishman: the first sounds much more natural.
There's a lot of variation because of the specific sounds involved.	I've seen the common pronunciation change in my region (American English) in the last 20 years or so.
To me, it's not a matter of gentleness or political correctness.	The two words are synonymous, but "speak" often seems to be used in a gentler way.
I always assumed it's like the difference between "readable" and "legible".	I think eatable is more often used to mean palatable.
I prefer engaging, although Mike's captivating is a pretty close synonym and also good.	The names for Germany in different languages are quite varied.
In American English, the contracted form ’ve is only possible as an auxiliary verb.	Contracting the main verb in a sentence is perfectly fine.
The best answer I have found so far is here.	The usual way is just to find the Latin root and add the suffix: quintuple, sextuple, septuple, nonuple, etc.
A New York Times search reveals it is fairly common in the US.	Thrice is somewhat common in America, but is generally considered pretentious.
"Keep score" is a (slightly) idiomatic expression that means "keeping track of the score".	Casual English is appropriate for a t-shirt since wearing clothing with phases on them is pretty casual.
Shade often deals with being sheltered from the sun and does not necessarily have  strongly defined edges.	A shadow is the silhouette cast by an object that blocks a source of light.
I can only think of context using insofar as or insofar that.	The form insofar is American English; the standard form in British and other English is 'in so far'.
If there's no conjunction at the end of the list (and / or for example), then a comma is required.	Since et cetera means "and so forth", your question is very nearly identical to the serial comma question.
I believe that disk is American English whilst disc is English English.	I was on the ANSI committee that defined the 5 1/4 inch floppy specification (ANSI X3-B8) back around 1980.
As an American English speaker, I have never heard borrow off, always borrow from.	"Off" generally carries the connotation of removal in American English.
The New Oxford American Dictionary reports that Pardon my French is an informal phrase used to apologize for swearing.	There is no correct plural for the word Prius at the moment.
It makes a bit more sense if you consider quotes that contain several sentences.	Firstly, this is only American convention — in Britain for instance you wouldn't use it (except for a few publishing houses).
I'd leave it singular unless talking about a range such as "0.25 - 2 miles".	It's really not complicated or confusing if you think of it in terms of being a fraction.
The subject of the sentence were the payments, and not the total number of payments, therefore were is correct.	Since "payment" is countable, I would go with "were" to reinforce the notion that there was more than one payment.
"Religious practice" is far more common than "religious praxis" (500 000 vs. 15 000 results in Google).	The word praxis is definitely an extremely formal academic word.
As others have said, "ten of six", though not used in many English speaking areas, would be understood as 5:50.	"Ten of six" probably means 5:50 but I have not heard it before.
In this case at the end is the only proper answer.	There is not really a grammatical rule that governs this as far as I know.
As adjective, the NOAD defines yearling as having lived or existed for a year; a year old.	In the context of stackexchange, "yearling" could be issued 12 months from when the account was opened.
Google found 12.900.000 (approximately) matches for benefiting , but only 1.210.000 for benefitting.	In my experience, it doesn't matter how you phrase it, as long as you remain consistent.
We discussed this in a linguistics course I took in college.	I've never encountered anybody who thinks that "couple" doesn't even begin until 4!
These terms actually have fairly precise definitions, although they're sometimes used with a bit of liberty.	I think the difference between probably and possibly is somewhat related to may and can.
This sounds more like a cultural difference that is reflected in the usage of the language.	I've thought about your question for a while, and it seems a bit open-ended.
Certainly many usage guides have advised against use of this "singular they" on various "logical" grounds.	Second one  (for writing purpose), if I believe the "THEY/THEIR (SINGULAR)" article.
I'd say the Oxford English Dictionary is the definitive British English dictionary.	Here's a pseudo-scientific, fascinating look at dictionary use by region using Google Trends.
I'm a native English speaker (American) and have trouble with American movies.	I agree with Shinto Sherlock's answer, but I might add "telephone conversations" to that list as well.
I'm a native English speaker (American) and have trouble with American movies.	I felt this way when I started to watch the The Wire, and English is my first language.
Based on your revised question... Generally, one doesn't refer to a task as being "due" without including a date.	The multiple definitions of "due" make several of you right.
A person would only actually say "quote" and "end quote" if they were trying to be clever or different.	When reading a book aloud for recorded books, the reader never says "quote / unquote".
This may be overly obvious, but in American English, saying "you're welcome" is certainly polite and standard.	I'm not sure how "Not at all" sounds in response to "thank you".
Back in the day, "cable" was used to describe communications sent abroad.	The word "cable" has its origins in the days of the telegraph.
Those expressions could have slightly different meanings especially when talking about finance.	I suspect the phrase originated in the habit of drawing the internet as a cloud shape on network diagrams.
This is an example where prescriptive grammar fails us (in practice I mean).	I don't think anyone would word the sentence in the examples provided.
In the United States, jails are operated by cities and counties (or equivalent).	Jail is a municipal level, prison is on a state/federal/provincial/territory level.
You used the generic term in your question ('I have a transaction') so use it: 'transaction'.	Maybe solvency or a related term could convey what you intend?
All three are essentially interchangeable, but many think I believe reflects uncertainty on the part of the speaker.	When a sheriff in the deep south says, "I reckon I'm takin' you to jail.
I personally feel that the idea of a "real" version of any active language is unrealistic.	Real English, as it was known 50 years ago, is dead today.
Detectors (and sensors) are generally rated on "sensitivity" and many systems allow the sensitivity setting to be set or "tuned".	I upvoted @hellion's "strict" but you might also consider stringent, vigilant, or even hyper-vigilant.
I live in Melbourne, Australia and there's this sport called Footy which is believed to be "the real football"!	The name soccer is derived from Association Football in the same way that rugger is derived from Rugby Football.
In American English, "learned" is the usual spelling; "learnt" is too rare.	Merriam-Webster marks learnt as "chiefly British", and Wiktionary as "UK", adding that learned is the "Standard US English spelling".
Besides those in others' answers, there are: attorneys general, secretaries general, solicitors general, postmasters general, governors-general, etc.	Men-o’-war is a nice one: shows that irregular plurals are just as susceptible to this construction.
This may be related to the sentence Rose is a rose is a rose is a rose by Gertrude Stein.	A good example of usage of this is when a government replaces one tax with another.
I would use frighten when I mean something with the hint of a surprise.	The two words are synonyms and may be used interchangeably.
I believe that "it" in the case of "it's me" or "it's John" is an expletive.	Shifting away from he and she in general is out of the question.
Yes, your sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash.	Most style guides recommend against using the slash in phrases like “X and/or Y”, as well as  “this is hard/impossible to do”.
"The press" is used to describe both reporters and news outlets or media.	These days, "press" would have a strong traditional-media connotation, likely excluding bloggers, since new-media publishers neither own nor use industrial printing equipment.
Since Pac-Man can run off on side and onto the other, then it's a cylinder.	A map is seen as different routes placed usually on a two-dimensional plane.
I would advise that you should just learn by reading, especially more thoughtful and observing books, not quick and just-the-facts ones.	Simply put, a semicolon connects two complete sentences that are strongly related.
Cant help adding James May's eminently english way of saying "stupid"  to this list.	Personally I think you should use whatever word you feel like using at the time.
Looking in some dictionaries, it seems there is no such word.	I don't know of an adjective form of integrity, so I can't solve your issue directly.
Green's Dictionary of Slang offers two possibilities, either "sexually involved with" or "interfering, involved with".	All up in is generally used to refer to someone being overly nosey, annoying or disapproving.
I agree with @John Weldon that integrity and honesty aren't synonymous.	Dishonesty and other vices are often seen as corruptions, or shortcomings in a person's character or composition.
One common tense I error I have noticed has to do with the verb to be.	Strictly speaking, "might" is the simple past tense of "may".
"Setup" is noun, not a verb, so you wouldn't "Setup something".	Both "set up something" and "set something up" are perfectly correct English, as "set up" is a phrasal verb.
Well, the short answer is that it does not matter.	This is a workaround to plug avalent verbs into the rigid English sentence structure.
I believe that in case of written English, the sentence does not indicate the mood of the author.	While, as jcarmody says, fine is an adjective rather than adverb, phrases such as this are fine for informal contexts.
It's an adjective in the sense that it modifies the meaning of the noun it applies to.	There might be a context where the definite article 'the' is used as an adjective.
My thought is that "purpose of" refers to an intended function of an item.	In IPA, that's would've - /wʊdəv/ - WOULD-uhv should've - /ʃʊdəv/ - SHOULD-uhv could've - /kʊdəv/ - COULD-uhv where "uhv" is a schwa sound followed by a V sound.
If you understand yourself and your enemy, you will be far more likely to win any battle.	Another meaning behind this quote aside from probabilities of winning a theoretical battle is the importance of knowing/understanding others.
It's the equivalent of debating which of color/colour is the correct spelling.	If you are used to calling it "zed" then I recommend that you use that in your presentation.
I've always been told and believed that \ˈī-thər\ is the correct pronunciation, albeit both are indeed common nowadays.	The Wiktionary mentions 3 usages: 1/ (idiomatic) To give evidence regarding something; to attest for.
Because I don't know your teacher, I can't know her motivations.	The rule is really made up to prevent primary school children splitting their sentences up randomly.
There are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems.	There are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage.
You definitely do NOT want to be supporting your weight with your arms on the bike for normal riding.	No, don't support your weight on your arms Your hands simply aren't really made for supporting all that weight.
An hour of cardio will burn more calories than an hour of weightlifting.	Any sport where you are working hard will burn calories and fat.
High-protein diets only pose a serious health risk if you do not take in enough fat and/or carbohydrates with them.	Too much protein is excreted so there are no health risks in that respect.
I find that compression shorts help me reduce chafing when biking.	It's the arms and sholders that cause the shirt to move and cause the chafing.
According to research (Source), the body only needs 0.36g of protein per pound each day for maintenance.	Nick Evans to lose weight need a diet of 50% protein, 40% carbohydrates, 10% fat and a negative caloric balance.
If you want size, you don't want to rest very long - perhaps under a minute between sets.	If you are looking to build mass, you should rest 45-60 seconds between sets of 8-12 repetitions for optimal gains.
Yes, you should stretch before running, but not the sit down and reach kind of stretching.	Neuromuscular Activation and Dynamic Stretching Here is an excellent video on a dynamic stretching routine for running.
There can be no blanket answer to this question as there is quite a difference among available cheeses.	It's fantastically unlikely that there are any appreciable differences between the two.
Stronglifts is a beginner program, and the heavier the lifts go, the more likely you will need to change something.	Stick with the program You're not strong enough to need to supplement your lifts.
I've experienced that feeling before, when I was a student in college.	A possible answer is that you are not getting enough sleep.
I was doing regular workouts 2 times a week, and am now doing Jui Jitsu 1 time a week.	I did gymnastics as a kid and tried to get back into it two years ago.
If you're focusing on strength and mass gain, you do best by prioritizing strength and mass gain.	What you're describing is the reason many people work different muscle groups on different days.
For SAMBO you are going to want to focus on core strength as much as possible.	Body weight squats will help with leg strength and balance.
If you round your back when bending over and touching the ground, you're taking the hamstrings out of the equation.	It appears you are flexible enough and your hamstrings don't need additional stretching.
I really advise you to take a look at Mark Sisson and Robb Wolf's websites.	It is absolutely impossible to target fat loss to any particular part of your body.
Do you live in any sort of shared or communal housing (such as a college dorm)?	miernik, you say the only cohabitant in your room is mold?
I feel your pain - I absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	Sweat rate is sweat rate, you can't really control it.
Start with cardio and progress to weights Start by targeting a 'moderate' heart rate to burn the fat you already have.	I agree with the previous answers about there being no way to 'target' belly fat.
Any time you change something fundamental to your form, you will have to go through a relearning process.	The worst thing a heel can do when weightlifting is compress.
I wear the shirts for my back, it basically gives you an extra layer of skin and huge support.	Typical compression clothing, in my experience, won't give you much direct performance benefit (running faster, lifting heavier etc).
I would recommend doing a search on Endurance Plantet's itunes page for podcasts on Recovery, over training etc.	For recovery I would say still eat plenty of protein that will help your muscles to repair/recover.
Sounds like you need to modify your exercise, diet and life style to get you where you want to be.	The biggest concern with any exercise program is finding something you want to stick to.
Arguments about low-carb vs. low-calorie diets aside, going much below your recommended daily calorie intake will send your body into starvation mode.	The important aspect is that your average daily intake is about where your recommended calories are.
Are you also tracking your body fat percentage and waist circumference?	You just started training so your weight will start increasing as you will be building muscle.
My first thought would be that you are holding your breath.	Any time you exert yourself using strength, your heart will respond by pushing blood with more force.
I agree with @Dave Liepman and @Fredob that yoga is a great way to keep flexible and balanced.	I try do 5-6 straight forward yoga "sun salutations" every morning.
At the end of the day, sitting is still really bad for you even if you exercise later.	This page has a number of  good quality exercises for eye strain.
Running downhill is the BEST way to strengthen your quad muscles.	Additionally often people will think a downhill marathon is easier, but in fact, is often harder than an uphill marathon.
There's a couple of things going on here, and they are both cultural and practical.	For powerlifting, record lifts are 3 or more times bodyweight, and the lifts don't really require lifting the body.
There is a big difference in lifting for aesthetics and lifting for strength.	I think we need to distinguish between different goals here.
The number one thing you can do is train with a coach who knows about good running form.	Assuming you are reasonably fit, the best way to improve your running technique is to run faster.
Height and weight are one factor another is your current strength level.	When in doubt, start light and work up to heavy.
I recently stumbled on a great article that talks about protein consumption for the purposes of building muscle (recovery included).	Low reps with high weights don't add mass because the duration of the exercise is kept short.
You want to have enough protein to protect your muscles.	No, that does not mean that you should only be eating 317 grams of food per day.
The Nike Free 5.0 was one of the first running shoes designed to simulate barefoot running.	These maybe a little closer to barefoot than you are looking for, but Luna sandals are a good option.
Take a look at this article on Alcohol and Nutrition Facts.	I recently started a similar training regime... and I am very fond of alcohol.
I'm not sure about 10kg in one month, but I know of one person who added 11kg in 8 weeks.	While I'm no expert on this, there have been a couple very intriguing articles I read on this.
I really love the New Balance MO10 (W010 for the women's model).	I made a soft moccasin and put them over my shoes.
Rotate through square, lunges and calf raises doing each until you feel a little burn.	Air squats, forward and side lunges, sprawl, wall chair, and lots and lots of jump rope.
I use a small camel bag (not too full) for that.	I personally run with amphipod's runlite belt with or without the bottles [depends on the length of the run.
If you're doing a full body workout 6 days a week, you absolutely need the rest week.	There are both physiological and neurological reasons to build in rest.
If you mean purely muscular fitness, I doubt it's much.	If you use relatively heavy props there will be some benefit, but IMO not really comparable to dedicated strength training.
To get a flat chest carry out the various push ups.	Yeah, if you don't want to build muscles, then don't use them.
It is the immune system that is responsible for inflammatory responses.	Getting proper nutrients is essential to maintaining a healthy immune system.
I've noticed a remarkable difference when I run on the treadmill vs when I run on the road.	A treadmill won't prepare you for the impact of running for real.
You are probably lowering the barbell too high up your chest which causes your elbows to flare out.	I think there is just one advice that can be given in this case: See a doctor!
One food that you may want to consider adding or increasing the amount you have in your diet are Avocados.	It is just as hard to gain and keep weight on, as it is to lose it.
Google search for Travel WODs has whole lots of results which you can use.	As @Sarge says, this is for a doctor to diagnose properly.
It's unlikely that whey protein would contain a significant amount of lactose.	You lose weight because you either eat less or exercise more.
I am 29 years old, battled being overweight for a number of years.	I recently purchased a pair of Merrell True Glove minimalist shoes.
To further stress the muscle/muscle group, to get that final pump, to force more blood into the mucle.	It sounds like they're warming up with 15, 20, and 30, doing one work set with 40, then doing what's called a "back-off" set with 10.
This is a tough question to answer and requires a lot more information about body mechanics than I have.	Movement is actually an essential part of maintenance and recovery.
Avoid You may think that this drink is only 100 calories.	Hard to answer outside the context of your whole program.
I would also highly recommend to add chin-ups as an additional exercise.	Given the additional information you've posted, it sounds like you are simply hitting a wall.
Getting interested in exercising has been a life-long struggle for me as well.	I've been into running and cycling for years now and have done races and different things to motivate myself.
Since you're being kind of vague here, I can only give you a vague answer.	In general, warming up your muscles only requires performing the movement with lower weights.
Only one way you could increase the count just try to add one count more everyday.	This summary article gives a good review of the mechanics of recovery and some plausible guidelines on training frequency.
Rhea's covered a lot in her answer but another option is to sign up for a race.	A strong core is necessary for performing a push up with good form.
Varying up the positive/negative tempo and time under tension will target slightly different muscle fibres and other supplementary muscles.	Doing slow pushups may help depending how much you weigh actually.
The strength training classic "Super Squats" recommends a gallon a day.	The answer depends on what your overall goals are, and what you are doing with your training.
Feedback is critical, regardless of what you're doing--photos/videos are an awesome learning tool.	Tracking your progress is one of the best ways to motivate change.
It depends on a whole bunch of variables: age, gender, type of work.	To get a fairly exact calculation follow these steps: Step 1: Calculate your Basal Metabolic Rate (BMR).
From a weight loss perspective, the most important factor, by far, is overall caloric intake.	You might want to take a look at (and perhaps avoid) sumo wrestlers' eating/sleeping patterns.
Is there another exercise, or group of exercises, that can replace a squat?	If she is "terrified" that she will tear up her knees with the squat, she very likely will.
I found this this Website lately and I think this is great for Beginners.	Losing weight is about expending more calories than you take in.
I have also never been able to touch my toes, not even close, even in military basic training.	There are actually quite a few studies that address this question.
Strength work, particularly deadlifts, is very beneficial for sprinters and middle-distance runners.	In addition to my earlier answer I think one key is consistency.
I nix the second set at 45 pounds, but do full sets of five for all my warm-ups.	I always find it more satisfying to gain, since I like to eat.
This is how I clean my five fingers, it's my little secret and it does not smell afterwards.	I have shoes that I've worn for many years without problems.
I think this might be off topic for F&N.	Your symptoms lead me to believe you have a very stressful day job or even life.
A good breakfast for me can consist of a 2-3 scrambled eggs mixed with half a can (~150g) cottage cheese.	A whey protein shake would be an easy way to get protein.
I cannot answer all but I will do what I can...	Every food we eat are digested by specific enzymes that are highly sensitive to temperature.
Spark People has a 10-minute jump rope cardio routine that you can check out here.	I've found Pavel Tsatsouline's book The Naked Warrior to be a good source of bodyweight exercises.
First of all, as a general matter of fact you suppose to change your workout routine in every 3-4 weeks.	You can mix those, but in my experience, it will be very difficult at first.
When I get low blood sugar levels, I get drowsy.	A free e-book gave me an answer to this a while ago.
According to research (Source), the body only needs 0.36g of protein per pound each day for maintenance.	The information you are asking about is not well known.
Creatine supplements can improve your ability to perform brief, intermittant, high intensity exercises.	What you're looking to do is increase your Anaerobic threshold Here's how it works.
From what I've found so far, there is still a need for a well-rounded training regimen.	As many others have either said directly or indirectly, adding some kind of interval work will definitely help.
I have tried for the past 6 mos and i still have a little gut.	Pulling your stomach muscles in will help keep them active.
The most appropriate answer is to consult a physician before starting any workout program.	I would say high impact workouts like running might make them worse.
One of the greatest things that helped my energy level was to cut caffeine.	There are many factors that contribute lack of energy, but nutrition-wise, one of the reasons is "fast" carbohydrates (especially sugar).
Properly executed weight training will increase, not decrease, your flexibility and mobility.	I've seen guys that are still very flexable while lifting weights.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nfvd8ZgU8rw I turned up this on a search for "Yoga for Beginners" on YouTube.	Video lessons contains poses and and can fast-forward video lessons directly to poses and concentrate on the exercise perfromance.
I've been buying the DVDs and seminars of Cressey and Robertson and their friends - all functional sport trainers and rehabbers.	As to your reference to power sports, core strength should dominate all other priorities.
Just a suggestion, but try more potassium in your diet (found in, among other things, bananas and radishes).	Cramping, especially at night, can be a response to low calcium.
Incorporate a 10 day cycle in your lifts... that is squat every 10 days, dead every 10, ft. squat every 10.	You have several options available to you, but it does seem like you want to really slow down your deadlift.
If you're stressed out, take a week off, of course.	What I really would recommend is to change your routine, if you have followed the same for 2 years.
Let's take a step back and understand some basics about nutrition as it relates to exercise.	First of all, sipping protein shake does not increase muscle growth by itself.
I am also evaluating TRX, but many of the exercises are geared to the beginner.	As a former gymnast, I recommend that you try a gymnastics gym.
If your problem is simply fat, just regular weight loss will get you there, like md5sum said.	You cannot "target" an area of the body for fat loss.
In general, your body will maintain its muscle mass with .5g of protein per pound lean body weight (i.e.	If it's a light amount of soreness, it's a good sign.
For me, a hard, aerobic workout is by far best.	I see others recommended getting outside, I'll stay with your specifics of indoor stress and depression focus exercises.
I really love the New Balance MO10 (W010 for the women's model).	Eat like a horse if you're focusing on strength gains First, how do you know how much is enough?
High reps isn't the primary metabolic booster--increased muscle mass is.	There are (at least) two different ways to look at this.
"Normal, healthy (physically, nutritionally and mentally) individuals have little reason to worry about accidentally consuming too much water.	It's fine to skip arm specific exercises if you are already happy with how they are progressing without direct exercises.
You need to answer that question yourself, the way to get to it is, what is your goal?	Because I'm pretty busy, I usually do weights both before and after cardio.
The main factor holding one back is the fear response.	Let me start by saying that no amount of water will keep the doctor away.
I went through a similar situation with my C25K back in 2009.	If you have concerns about your heart rate then I would see a doctor.
You can read books by people who talk about it or read biographies of people who have it.	There's a nice article on developing mental toughness on Ralph Jean-Paul's blog.
I think it is still feasible to store seeds until the next year.	I haven't tried storing tomato seeds myself, but I have tried to store pepper seeds (and they are closely related).
The simple answer is to water when the garden needs it.	It is possible to buy citrus trees with more than one variety grafted to it.
My guess is that painting the metal would not hold up well.	I'm assuming you want to keep using these tools, and not just clean them up for display.
You aren't feeding your plants enough during the growing season so they are slowly starving to death.	If you are living anywhere around New England it is because the temperature drops at night.
It is not recommended to use greywater on vegetables that you will eat directly.	Adding soap to water allows the water to dissolve oils.
The Wikipedia page on Nitrogen Fixation says the nitrogen is released after the plant dies.	Yes, legumes do provide nitrogen to associated plants, through multiple mechanisms.
Yes, you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile.	Absolutely ok; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter.
Green peppers are "unripe" (even though we often eat them that way).	When the peppers come to fruit, they're going to start out green.
There are no post-emergents that specifically kill crabgrass without killing lawn grass.	I brought an Ace product that kla crab grass and you can use it below 90 degrees.
You're likely going to need to consult with two experts: An arborist and a foundation expert.	You're better off buying seeds from the rack in the front of the store.
Cut the suckers at the lowest point to can get near the roots to control the growth of each sucker.	Plants that are thinned to 4" can fit 9 in a square foot.
Pick them as soon as they are as ripe as you want them.	I live in Delaware and have already harvested my jalapeno and chili peppers.
If you leave the stump to dry out it will be easier to burn.	I've chipped the main roots and stump with an axe to speed the natural decay.
Best guess based on the video is that you have some sort of aphid.	Looking at the video, it looks like a pretty typical whitefly.
I think there are specific types or sources of rock dust that you are referencing here, such as glacial rock.	On the off-chance that you're serious... No, we are not in danger of running out of rocks.
I'm actually going to answer my own question, because it turned out that the answer above was not correct.	If the plant really does have Foot and Root rot, best remove it as soon as possible.
The two insects that I know of which would do this are leaf cutter bees and flea beetles.	As they've been causing so much havoc, I've been doing more research and found out that they're not bean beetles.
There are import restrictions in Australia (as in most countries), to avoid spreading diseases, etc.	Being in Australia, I started out with exactly the same question, xiahouzi.
That looks like either kentucky Blue grass, maybe you installed Bluegrass sod?	If your grass looks like the below picture in summer, then you have bermuda grass.
They are way too hot in the greenhouse: try to regulate it better and more evenly throughout the greenhouse.	If exposure to cucumber beetles is a possibility, then it may be bacterial wilt, for which there is no treatment.
Summer is the time to remove vigorous growth and keep the tree to a manageable size.	The first question is whether the tree is worth saving.
Thistle is classified as a noxious weed in most places and must be controlled.	I've got the same problem, where there are fields of dandelions just beyond the borders of my gardens.
I wouldn't use the compost anywhere I was going to grow food or walk barefoot, or where children might play.	If not good for compost, could it be useful anywhere else in the garden?
No products are currently registered with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for use as woodchuck repellents.	We struggled with groundhogs at our local community garden for several years.
I've grown Pak Choy a few times and I get a bit of colour variation.	I had it few times, bought in a nursery, and they were exactament so.
Support is good for eggplants as the fruit may become heavy and can even break the branches.	Some support won't hurt, especially if it is a large fruited variety.
To paraphrase a common saying, "One man's weed is another man's lawn".	First, let me say I've no experience doing battle with Bermuda grass.
Just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	We have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
Sounds as if you want to check the current ph of the soil itself, before amendment with your ashes.	I use liquid regent aquarium test kits to track my sail parameters.
Chances are picking the seeds once it's gone to seed isn't going to actually encourage new growth.	The longer you can leave the seed-heads on the plant the better (IMHO).
So you know, I do not have personal experience with this.	Since you've already accepted a nicely sourced answer, I'll contribute some unsubstatiated tradition (i.e.
In the past it has grown almost like a weed in our pots on our deck here in North Texas.	Additional to the other answers, basil famously doesn't like to be damp overnight.
Eliot Coleman talks about planting multiple onions, beets, or similar other crops in the same planting hole.	You determine how many you want to put based on the germination rate.
In Canada some areas experience snow and ice on a regular basis.	The least possible slope shall be used for any ramp.
It's a slime mold, a weird primitive organism that has spores but isn't fungus.	I just talked to the guy that handles my lawn and he said that this is common with new mulch.
I would pull it out of the ground and replant.	Lettuce is finicky and prone to bolt due to the heat.
I know of someone that used oleander branches in their barbecue.	A single leaf may be lethal to a child (Shaw & Pearn, 1979).
I found a few university studies that showed the healthiest height for most types of grass is about 3 inches.	It doesn't matter so much how often you mow, as much as how long the grass is.
I have used it as a mulch for the path ways.	I wouldn't use the sawdust if the wood has been treated with any chemicals.
Well, I'll make my comment an answer: Use rainwater for your plants (but please, do not drink unfiltered).	If water goes down in sometime then you don't need to do anything.
I always do my repotting and trimming of roots and heavy pruning during the time the plant is dormant.	Every trees (though dwarf) have to be replanted during winter, when sleeping.
There is a very full description of the various types of hormone rooting compound here.	It is meant to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of roots.
When taking cuttings from a plant, I try not to take more than 1/3 of the current healthy growth.	It should be safe when there is new growth from the cutting you planted.
In this answer I went through the math on figuring out how far fish fertilizer goes.	Application is 1/2" gallon per 1000 sq ft. 0.3 acre is 13,000 square feet For 6 1/2" gallons of solution.
I found it difficult to mark just one answer as correct because all are.	I reccomend "Monkey Grass" because it is like a slow growing weed that reproduces slowly and looks nice!
Simple answer is yes, flower shoots on lettuce is a sure sign of bolting.	It appears as though it has likely started to bolt.
You're just smelling the fresh shredded bark, it's still got the oils in it that give it "that mulchy smell".	Mulch is just a general term meaning materials applied to the top of the soil around plants, usually.
I've been reading up a lot on garden railways recently.	Some mosses from outside will establish indoors in good indirect light.
Dirt can mean pretty much anything, from good to poor quality soil.	Use coco peat - It's an organic soil derived from coconut husks for garden vegetables and plants which is Eco-friendly.
Further to my comment above, it seems the OP is looking for questions to ask.	This tree is large, of significant caliper and in a tight spot.
You can aerate your lawn with a sturdy pitchfork (as well as weed it).	I bought the mantis tiller cultivator but to go along with it I bought the aerator and dethatcher combo.
Contact your county's local agriculture extension that works with your land grant university.	It is entirely possible that the experts are correct and that removal is the only option.
Unfortunately, the only effective means I've found of removing it without damaging nearby plants is pulling it up by hand.	Well, one good way to kill your lawn is to mow it extraordinarily low.
I'm going to break with the pack here and say I don't think it's a Bradford Pear.	It looks more Bradford Pear like than cherry or crabapple.
The reference I have says that eggplant flowers are usually self-pollinating.	This plant is called the Mass Cane or Dracaena Massangea also known as Dracaena fragrans .
Coffee is considered a tropical plant and is not going to overwinter in the Netherlands.	Why not start seeds and grow them in a container this year?
One option is to get a powerful jet washer and just blast water through the gaps to loosen the dirt.	Alternatively you might try throwing buckwheat seeds into the dirt areas between the rocks.
Very good information but I'm going to add some correction after much help from reddit.	It's Peruvian daisy (Galinsoga quadriradiata), which is native to Central and South America.
Agreeing with @bstpierre but as I find they are usually a pest (bites,etc) I put ant powder on them.	What possible harm could the presence of ants bring to your dirt?
If you can get over the "ick factor," you have an easily-applied source of organic nitrogen fertilizer close at hand.	The NPK numbers on the fertilizer represents the percent, by weight, of Nitrogen, P2O5 and K2O, respectively.
Bad smelling compost is usually a sign of too much nitrogen material in your compost.	As @bstpierre mentioned, the pile you are working with is huge and suggested making it into smaller piles.
The point of aerating your pile is to get oxygen to the microbes that break down the organic matter.	Your pile will compost without turning it, but it goes faster if you turn it.
I bought a book, which talks about this, so here's an answer to my own question.	Well I wouldn't risk it, not in a cold compost system.
If you add enough carbon, then you can't really put too many grounds in.	Late last year (September or so) I started getting about 2 gallons a week of grounds.
You should be able to save both the tree and the house foundation.	Fruit trees in poor health often are full of carpenter ants, which can do major damage to the house.
It's going to depend upon the plant (weed) as to how effective tilling the soil will be.	This sounds like it could be Blackspot fungus which is brought on by overly damp or humid conditions.
If you have open fires in your home you're likely to have a supply of kindling/starters.	I used popsicle sticks and a sharpie for plant labels this year.
So, some design questions are: What would make a good mesh?	If you want to grow kitchen herbs look for varieties that are hearty in warm climates.
Yes, if your lettuces are putting up a long tall central stalk and/or flowering then they have bolted.	Lettuce often runs to seed prematurely when it is stressed.
In the Piedmont, it is best to plant fescue in the fall.	With some additional information, it appears that the salesman gave me good advice.
You've said its on a windowsill which has full sun exposure (if there's any sun at all that is).	We don't have enough information to provide a definitive diagnosis.
Re RoundUp - don't use Round up, if you must use a weedkiller, buy glyphosate.	Any organic gardener will tell you Round Up damages the ground.
Something people in germany do to get rid of moles is to bury empty bottles (e.g.	You did the right thing in hiring a professional with local expertise.
It's Euphorbia maculata (or a closely related species), commonly known as Prostrate Spurge or Spotted Spurge.	If you can put together a sufficiently large collection of vegetarians, they will take care of it.
Here's a picture of my mint plant showing a flower (left) and most of the plant (right).	If you had more mint, I'd go with what Yoda said.
In the fall dig the peony and the rose out.	Peonies are often shipped by nurseries as root stock, and they can be propagated from toot cuttings (which you've found!
Lay a circle of artificial lawn in its place, then put the pool on top of that next summer.	I don't think there is a solution to "helping the lawn recover" because in this case it is completely dead.
Washington state removed the restrictions on rainwater harvesting for homeowners.	In the west water rights were acquired by the states to encourage expansion westward.
If not good for compost, could it be useful anywhere else in the garden?	I'd say it depends a bit on what will be grown later.
I agree with the advice already given as regards outdoor plants.	Although some doubt was cast on it in an earlier question, there is the concept of "scorching".
Lettuce often runs to seed prematurely when it is stressed.	It appears as though it has likely started to bolt.
I've heard of dried blood working well as a repellent for rabbits as well as deer.	After just reading the title, I was going to suggest get a dog.
Hang the empty seed packet over a stick shoved into the ground on the end of a row.	If you have open fires in your home you're likely to have a supply of kindling/starters.
I have been using "Slug Stop" non-toxic granules for some years now, and they do the job  - and withstand heavy rain!	Save the beer and make your own traps is my suggestion.
Fat and rotting meat are better suited to creating manure.	It will "work" -- after all, the city compost takes meat.
Oregon's Agricultural Extension Service has the best Extension Service web site I've ever seen!	The links in the other answers are great starting points, but experience will be your best teacher.
I wouldn't worry too much about what exactly you've got.	add garden lime or even gypsum, mixing it in a bit.
I agree with winwaed - you may be watering too much.	Watering could cool temperatures - because the water is cool, and (more importantly) through evaporation.
My decades ago hort 101 class said fertilizer is not really necessary if you use a mulching mower.	Below are a few quotes from this answer I posted here on SE.
There's no benefit in installing it low other than that children (and small adults) will be able to reach it.	I have two and they are mounted just below my hip.
If you are looking for a manual method try using a hoe.	Add sand, leaves, and compost and mix it around with a pitchfork.
For #1, Its not really possible to determine the variety exactly without genetic analysis.	Are your apples particularly soft/mushy at all or are they pretty firm?
If its just the odd weed here and there, any of the methods described in the other answers.	A preventive solution after you have weeded is to apply a polymeric sand onto the pavers.
Separating young seedlings can be tricky because their roots tend to be quite tender and easily damaged.	Local newspapers and master gardener groups are a place to look - they may have websites of pamphlets/booklets.
The leaves have to be jagged and "must" be slightly ruffled.	For many indoor tropical plants life in the office is slow death.
Personally I don't think you can use anything better than good quality compost.	You should Google "Back to Eden" film and see the results from the gardener in that documentary.
As to whether or not a fine mist spray will benefit your Japanese Maple, I can't say.	Only water high in minerals (especially sodium) can do some "burn" damage when watering in the heat.
Aloes, like most succulents, are very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect .	Some of the guys at my office have potted aloe plants.
chemically, you may use a spray containing malathion @ 1% with a sticker-spreader.	You could kill it by suffocating it from light and heating it naturally.
You only need about 4 inches of topsoil for grass to grow - with probably 6 being the optimal.	They sell artificial turf at Lowes, Home Depot, and online.
This looks a lot like an invitation to a No True Scottsman argument.	I concur with @T.E.D; the question is a "no True Scotsman" bar bet.
I know this question is old, but the previous answers did not touch on truly intercontinental trade.	There is direct evidence of truly intercontinental trade dating back to approximately 1700 BC.
Some villages had histories and thus names going back to Ancient Roman times.	Many towns and villages took their name from the ruling family, the owners of the village.
The Ruby Theatre in Chelan, Washington was built as a movie theatre by the Kingman brothers and opened in 1914.	The Elks Theatre in Middletown, Pennsylvania has been open since October 1911.
The USA is the world's strongest country because of its military force.	The United States is one of the five largest countries in the world by area.
Frankly, this is something that could be argued either way.	My guess is that World War II accelerated Indian independence.
Hitler wanted to expand the living space of the German people, that is, Germany proper.	In Hitler's mind, defeating the Soviet Union was the most important thing.
The French Légion étrangère has the closest interaction between officers and soldiers that I know of.	I know that in the British armed forces there has always been a difference in equipment/clothing/food/messes between officers and enlisted men/women.
Nearly all countries grew quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reasons.	The USSR growth rate during the 50's was not exceptionally high.
For many years, the Extremadura region was the border region between Christian and Moorish Spain.	I have been travelling in Extremadura for the past 5 days.
We should note that many of the people in these places are NOT of British ancestry.	The four nations each benefited from the Union, for the most part anyway.
The examples from history we have are revolutions against autocratic regimes, monarchies.	Looking at China, we can see several "revolutions" (or attempts at them) by students.
American Catholic and Roman Catholic are two completely different concepts.	There really aren't a lot of differences, and that's by design.
Genocide is one of the hypotheses brought forth for the extinction of the Neanderthals, 30.000 years ago.	Arguably, the first genocide was attempted in Persia, and against the Jews, as related in the Biblical book of Esther.
I've heard that the Jin are the first people that used cannon to defend Kaifeng when attacked by the Mongols.	From reading on Wikipedia, I found that Kaifeng was taken by the Mongols by Ogedei Khan.
Saudi Arabia encompasses large deserts, and industrial goods have a low "value to weight" ratio.	Europe and East Asia didn't industrialize at the same time.
While Queen may refer to both Queen regent (sovereign) or Queen consort, the King has always been the sovereign.	There is a very good reason not to refer to the Queen's spouse as "King" - because they aren't the King.
To no extent at all is the wars in the middle east caused by trade making the area heterogeneous.	They had a treaty beginning in 1941, after a few skirmishes along the area in question.
Nigel Harper has given the correct chronology for Roman land grants to soldiers.	The Roman armies of the early to mid-Republic were largely conscript based with the conscripts serving for a relatively short period.
"What I am really looking for is an estimation of the Muslim population..." @ThanosK and @T.E.D., an overall, general population estimation f.e.	The following is taken from my dog-eared copy of the New Penguin Atlas of Medieval History.
The last major pagan group in Europe was the Sami in northern Scandinavia.	Las Vegas was not founded in a particularly random desert.
See PBS.org's section on the show American Experience for this article: The Works Progress Administration (WPA).	As you know, the Federal Art Project was a part of the WPA during the Great Depression.
The secret protocol was known to the US government as early as 24 August 1939.	Churchill was not Prime Minister when the MRP was announced or when it went into effect.
Several reasons (my answer is based mostly on the book "Dreadnought" by Robert Massie).	It was a slow process but it did begin with trade, most notably Southern cotton.
The man in the top right corner is Philip II of Macedon.	The Declaration of Independence of the USA is be a candidate.
There was considerable political opposition to the US becoming involved in European affairs again.	Germany was not a DIRECT threat to the United States.
Assuming this truly did happen, there are a couple of reasons that might explain why.	Saladin was an unusual man who tried to win the "hearts and minds" of people he conquered.
This one could be interpreted a number of ways, and most of the interpretations could be answered with a book.	The original question relates most strongly to Weberian conceptions of class.
I'll start with the archetypical story of the type: Troy.	The Archimedes Heat Ray seems to be a good example.
Rommel's men were not accused of war crimes and he regularly ignored orders to execute captured Jewish soldiers and civilians.	Erwin Rommel - The Devil's General The SPIEGEL has released a good up to date point of view about NAZI Rommel (01.
In Hinduism and Buddhism there is message of peace and an encouragement to not be materialistic.	This relates to the "discovery" of Asian, and other non-European cultures by Americans.
I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.	That is indeed Greek Looks like a Ticket to a museum or field.
In 1936 Trotsky was convicted by a Moscow court to death in absentia.	I'm not sure there's going to be a definitive source for an answer to this.
I think a simple google search will reveal the answer.	The question makes no sense so I voted to close it.
Re: Is there a way for countries to become legally independent without the bloodshed?	A recent example of peaceful secession is in 1991 when Eritrea became independent from Ethiopia.
The argument for Heisenberg being intentionally incompetent is that he made two "incorrect" choices in which path to follow.	J. Robert Oppenheimer's biographer Ray Monk thinks that Heisenberg played no such role (perhaps he "did" in convenient-to-some retrospect).
These are tickets to the archaeological sites of Epidaurus (which includes the still in use theatre) and Mycenae.	I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.
First of all, France's goal is not to "undermine its relationship with Turkey" as you have implied.	suggests this kind of things is better understood from the inside.
It is really, really hard to assign guilt or blame like this in most wars.	I understand that writing "any historians" you mean "any non-German historians".
Looks like you've rediscovered Jaspers's concept of the Axial Age.	There was no influence from China to the culture of Greece.
The Silk Way was not a single road, but rather a net of roads.	My family came from Western Ukraine and my grandfather attended University in Chernotsy and Vienna.
Adam Smith in the Wealth of Nations has a short section on this question.	Just to expand on the disease angle, at its height, Zambia's population was 3% European.
Yes, I can tell you from personal experience that they certainly did whistle.	It is true that bombs in World War II would make a whistling sound as they fell.
The effects of the Cuban revolution has been wholly negative.	I'm Cuban (1984- leave cuba in 2009), and I'll try to be the most unbiased possible.
One reason appears to be the success of (Confederate) General Stonewall Jackson's Shenandoah Valley Campaign in late spring of 1862.	It is a mistake to think of the Battle of the Wilderness as a Confederate Victory.
There is nothing special about borders of former Russian Empire when considering Soviet expansion.	What I think happened here is a case of gradual exaggeration.
There are many examples of propaganda in the American revolution.	The middle of the 18th century was the height of the British nationalist movement.
By the time that Qin had totally collapsed, Xiang Yu was China's hegemon.	The Han Dynasty came after the Qin Dyansty, after the government under Shi Huang Di collapsed.
Michael's answer is a very good one but I'd like to add a couple of details.	I believe this question puts the cart before the horse.
The British tried a large scale amphibious landing during WW1 (1915) at Galipoli.	Britain didn't use their navy because ships don't work on land.
As one might expect, it is a tricky business to talk generally about practices on the Indian subcontinent.	Well, as stated by Monster Truck there are many theories about when the "weekly off" was introduced to India.
There were indeed some serious issues surrounding Kennedy's election in 1960, one of the closest elections in History.	As per your original question: The  Wikipedia section does not claim that Joseph P Kennedy bought John F Kennedy's victory.
Malaria I'd actually leave it at that, if the posting software let me.	In fact during the Age of Discovery, Africa had been the principle objective.
Religions are cultural concepts, they evolve through the time, adapting some ideas from others, providing some new ones, etc.	It is a shadow to show the vertical displacement of the Grand Gallery.
The US government alleges that this has occurred - see Superdollars.	During the American Civil War, the Union attacked the Confederacy in this fashion.
To a certain extent there's a wider question to ask - why did German armies fight so well in WW2?	To my impression this reflects systematic bias of the sources you use, possibly, sources circulating in your country and/or language.
"The grass family is one of the most widely distributed and abundant groups of plants on Earth.	As noted on the Wiki page, grass seed was imported to the new world to improve pasturage for livestock.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York has a great page on this exact topic.	There is yet another reason why the male nude was common in Greece.
The main trade in the Caribbean in the 16th and 17th centuries was the sugar trade.	France and Britain didn't focus much on South America because it wasn't really valuable territory.
Economic motives: Many people saw colonies as markets for their finished products, and suppliers for their raw goods.	Note: this is an opinion question (especially the second part) and probably off-topic here.
By this time, consul is more a status title than any position giving political authority.	The Cold War was the standoff between the Capitalistic USA and Communistic USSR.
Manned exploration of the Moon has an aspect that is now seldom remembered, but was pretty obvious at the time.	The outcome of the Cold War would likely not have been different if the "Space Race" did not occur.
There are several safeguards against the Chancellor - or any other part of the government - acquiring too great powers.	I can offer some points of the constitution that I remebember beeing implemented esp.
These are early model Stahlhelm (shape changed over time, see Yannis' comment) from WW1.	The Daily Express just took the caption from Getty Images without substantial modification.
This is a very hard question to answer, and it's a hard question to even define!	Hitler was atheist, church was only an instrument for him.
Japan was interested in extending its influence in Asia and for that it had to confront either USSR or USA.	They had a treaty beginning in 1941, after a few skirmishes along the area in question.
Attempts to produce quantitative history, ie cliometrics within Economic history; may make more computationally intensive demands than traditional text interpretation.	I'll separate my answer into two: ancient history and modern history.
Photography was in use by many artists from the Impressionists onwards, many used photographs as a basis for their paintings.	I did some more research using the answers provided as a guide, particularly about the Daguerreotype.
I'm not saying this is The Truth®, but here's the argument typically given for the Ancient Romans you mentioned.	Let's consider a well documented journey by Napoleon in 1809, a mere 40 years later.
Ivan IV the Terrible of Russia had put another man, Simeon Bekbulatovich to the throne and retired to a monastery.	You may consider emperor Justin II who resigned due to progressing insanity.
Time and again India has seen some reformers who revolutionize the thoughts of the masses.	This is a simple question, it's because Hindusim is not a religion at all.
I think the main reasons are demolition of Takshashila and Nalanda universities.	Personally, I don't think anything ever went particularly "wrong" with India.
Wunderwaffe (literally, wonder weapons) - absolutely, they had many, many designs under way.	German physicist tried to build an atomic bomb, at least there were experiments.
Fredericksburg is directly North of Richmond on the direct road to Washington.	One reason appears to be the success of (Confederate) General Stonewall Jackson's Shenandoah Valley Campaign in late spring of 1862.
I would suggest reading Chapter 4 of the book Hidden Horizons.	The main problem here is that the civilizations of India were almost completely illiterate before the Aryan movements.
Germany, was, without doubt, defeated, even though the siutation of the Armistice allowed the impression to develop that it wasn't.	I don't think it is possible to idenitify a single point in history as beginning the "slope toward the end".
The USA had won the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq in any military sense.	It's still possible for an invaded people to lose if the odds are TOO overwhelming.
From a military perspective, an "all out war" deep into enemy territory without any logistics is a rare occasion.	Sherman's "March to the Sea" hurt the CSA's economy and helped to end the war.
At the moment of his election (1641), it seems that Mazarin was in minor orders - so called "lay cardinal".	According to Cardinal Richelieu's Wikipedia page he was a cardinal priest until December 4, 1642, the day of his death.
There was actually a trade route through Ukraine - "из варяг в греки" - that is "From Varangians to the Greeks".	In those days, most of the people of the "Ukraine" lived in the western part of the province (around Kiev).
This is a very simplified example but hopefully it will help: Assume that there are 10 nobles and 100 workers.	Just to expand on the disease angle, at its height, Zambia's population was 3% European.
Languages are not static things; they evolve with the times and the needs of the users.	The question makes no sense so I voted to close it.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Delhi#Early_history shows that the city was called Delhi (or Dilli) at least since the 12/13th century.	I am not exactly sure but I remember the media (in India) addressing Delhi as "HASTHINA".
Let's do the math: 100,000 mounted archers * 4 horses each * 10 kg/day * 250 days/campaign = 1,000,000,000 kg of forage required each campaign.	This is not really an answer to your question, but the following numbers look much more realistic.
Actually most of the defence force was successfully evacuated, not surrendered.	If the Commonwealth "surrendered prematurely at Crete," it was in the fighting around the Maleme airfield.
I think this question presumes far to much determinism on the part of the "Great Purge" process.	Apart from advocating scientific management, Gastev was a proletariat smithy(kuznitsa) poet.
You can get a breakdown of the major causes of death here.	Bruce Catton's history and Shelby Foote's history should have the details.
For Mongols specifically, it was in part their unparallelled-till-20th-century tactical flexibility.	You might also ask why these people from the steppes also created so much havoc in CHINA.
Encouraged by the kind words about my comment, I have turned it into an answer with more details and sources.	The truth is that Germany ways de-facto the leader in the majority of sciences from the end of XIX century.
Here are some rough specs for common planes (as I said in the comment, the endurance depends on various factors).	All depends on the aircraft, development went very quickly during WW1.
Yes, SU did its best to make sure that its satellites were controlled as tightly as possible.	This is unfortunately the only source I could find which describes COMECON's imperialist tendencies in great detail.
Dominus, plural Domini, in ancient Rome, “master,” or “owner,” particularly of slaves.	A greek-speaking slave (δούλος, doulos) I think would call his master κύριος (translit: kurios; lord, master, sir; vocative form: κύριε).
Every 1000 years or so you can expect a large "1000-year-flood" near large rivers.	I think the question totally glosses over the fact that "East Pakistan" was created out of the partition of Bengal.
Germany was fortunate to have a large batch of officers born in the 1890s.	To my impression this reflects systematic bias of the sources you use, possibly, sources circulating in your country and/or language.
The bulk of India then was not controlled by Porus, but by the Nanda dynasty, centered at Pataliputra.	I believe Alexander lost heart after his horse, Bucephelus, died from a wound received in the battle against Porus.
I agree with the New World statement, classes are something inherited from kingships, Like the nobility is the highest class.	Even if somebody can rise to height, does not make a society classless.
Song of Solomon (as you mentioned in your comments) does have some erotic contents.	Romance is hardly a western construct; it's universal among all humans.
The Soviet Union's invasion of Afghanistan in the late 20th century has its roots in the "Great Game" of the 19th century.	I think everyone who has posted here (@ihtkwot, @mgb, @Russell) have all brought up important points.
There is evidence of English longbows shooting farther than 250 yards, particularly at Crecy, where the longer bowshots were around 300 yards.	Too many factors at work to really say 'a bow has a range of X'.
It did exist but no one is sure what it was.	It was pitch/tar and oil that was ignited and sprayed if my memory serves me correctly.
Yes, this is true and yes, in most cases indefinite articles indeed developed from numerals, as @MGN already said.	Indefinite articles developed from numerals, and the definite articles developed from demonstratives.
The Hawaiian language has seen a big revival in the past 20-30 years.	Sanskrit has been a subject of revival efforts since the 1908s in various villages in India.
I'll also throw in that some languages also have grammatical gender in their verbs.	Romance languages have (generally speaking) three classes of verbs, inherited from Latin.
Preserving grammaticality and preserving meaning of the sentence are two different things.	In fact, you can remove pretty much and preserve grammaticality if you don't care about preserving meaning.
Let's say that a future participle is a non-finite form of a verb which is marked for future tense.	Latin forms the future participle of most verbs (futurus, moriturus), Russian only form the verb to be (будущий).
In some nowadays Indo-European languages you can still see rests of base-20 numeral systems.	Modern Englishes, and many other well-known languages, use base 10 (ie decimal) systems of numerals.
Just to add this: what is usually called Hebrew script was in fact borrowed from Aramaic.	The source for this is in a book called The Coming Revolution by Zamir Cohen.
I'm going to answer about just the words for "pineapple".	@Joe has covered words for "pineapple", so here's some info on words for "banana".
Only to the degree that all Slavic languages are somewhat mutually intelligible.	Bluntly, Slovak and Slovenian have nothing in common other than being both Slavic languages.
Language can "improve" over time as well as "just changing".	"Are modern languages in any non-arbitrary way superior to ancient languages, e.g.
Well there aren't phonemes in signed languages because phonemes are specifically sounds.	Historically, signed phonemes were considered to fall into 4 (or 5 depending on who you ask) categories that are sometimes called parameters.
The classical, pure versions of Mesoamerican languages used for the most part a base-20 system.	Modern Englishes, and many other well-known languages, use base 10 (ie decimal) systems of numerals.
No, this is not the only example of a language that was developed de novo.	There is also the Al-Sayyid Bedouin Sign Language, which developed under similar circumstances (isolated deaf community) in the south of Israel.
Partially, it depends on how you think of what the goal of Linguistics is.	Broadly speaking, there is a linguistic continuum across Northern India.
I disagree partly with this answer claiming that 'aa' and 'ağ' are identical.	I am a native turkish speaker living in İstanbul, 30 years old.
I have not heard of a language that lacks numbers entirely, and doubt one exists (happy to see proof though).	Would you count a language that has lost most of its (original) number system?
As many pointed out, 'free word order' is a complete misnomer.	Thank you all for giving examples of word order in your mother language.
The difficulty arises not from the various linguistic properties of the language pair as many here suggest.	It depends on generally syntactic structure of two languages and -yes- some pragmatic issues.
The question can be explored in terms of N-ellipsis (noun ellipsis, also known as NP-ellipsis).	I agree with Thomas that the situation in English and in German is not the same.
Regarding Romanian's history: it's a member of the Eastern Romance (sensu strictu) subfamily or the "Vlach" languages.	One possibility is because of its relative isolation from the other Latin-based languages.
Matt Davis provides a useful summary related to this meme.	I couldn't read the first and not the second much either.
To begin with, the Chinese phoneme is not exactly sh but it sounds more like k in Swedish käften.	This word can well be connected with its Chinese counterpart.
That's actually a diagnostic test for what is a "Proper Noun" in English-- it resists taking an article.	I'm not an expert, but in my experience this is common in Galician and Spanish.
The picture of the synthesis degree is not very clear in many languages.	For those unsure of terminology, "analytic" refers to how many morphemes group together to make a word.
I say option D. When in doubt, you can try what Web browsers do.	TL;DR: Option D is the answer, and Option E may be an answer with minor corrections.
There are curious adjunct uses of "of-phrases" as in "a man of honor", which correspond to the Latin genitive of description.	Here are some cases where an adjunct (always locative) comes before the "of" complement.
What the hearer perceives must clearly be called a phoneme.	I am not sure if there is a word for no.
Is your question about an analysis or about automated parsing?	As Ivan writes, the example in the question is indeed an example of so-called right node raising (RNR).
Remember that the intersection of the outputs of two context-free languages is not necessarily context free.	weak context-freeness: can the language be analyzed by a CF grammar at all?
In English, certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support.	In traditional grammar, the word doing is a participle in all your examples.
A caveat: I'm experiencing the tail end of a three day migraine.	I agree with the commentators that your question is a little confusing.
A long time ago, LanguageTool used to be usable with just OpenOffice.	You may want to have a look at OpenNLP http://opennlp.apache.org/.
This issue is discussed in some detail in this paper by the late, great linguist Larry Trask.	Although it is a strong tendency it is still only a tendency.
The reason for this is that Russian is a much more tonal language than English.	Although I am quite fluent in Russian, I wouldn't say English sound particularly 'cold' to me.
Palatalisation of /k/ before front vowels happens all over the place: Russian, Greek, Turkish, Persian etc.	Sinhala, one of the languages spoken in Sri Lanka has a four way deixis system.
All the same methods of analysis that are used with spoken languages apply successfully to signed languages.	One idea that's been going around at least since the 80s is that you can distinguish between Holds and Moves.
Newspeak, a "deliberately impoverished" language designed to prevent people from communicating and thinking about subversive ideas.	Every language is permeated by the cultural values in which it is immersed.
The dirty little secret of English is that syllable boundaries mostly do not matter (unlike other languages).	Unfortunately, there is no straightforward syllabification method that is accepted by a majority of linguists.
Well since your question contains nothing to compare to and is therefore ambiguous, the answer could only be yes.	The more languages you know, the easier it generally is to learn new ones.
Contrary to some of the other answerers, I do think "intuition blurring" is a real thing.	Languages can often be distinguished based on prosodic information alone.
Perhaps you could start by studying how you pronounce English /w/, which consists of simultaneous labial and velar approximation.	Try looking in a mirror into your mouth while producing some words like "fill feel hello ladle larry bottle etc".
In Russian, for example, animacy is not clear-cut in the distinction animate/inanimate.	As in Russian, Polish marks animate masculine nouns by having a genitive-accusative vs. the nominative-accusative of inanimate masculines.
As you can see from this map on the Wals.info site, there are many.	This is an example I always find is helpful for first year.
One interesting source of information comes from what old prescriptive grammarians found to gripe about.	No, It doesn't make sense for exactly the reasons you posited.
If you want a very quick and simple program to slow down a sound file of speech, use VLC Player.	Free software, 'Audacity', can apply and preserve, as well as infinitely undo, many useful transformations in any selections of the audio.
There's a lot of types of signed languages (some more like sign vocabularies), so not all have the same properties.	The biggest problem with signing is that  you can't talk to a person without first getting their attention.
Sounds like you have a great idea for developing linguistics software!	To some extent, there are rules you can apply to pronounce, say, teaching based on the known pronunciation of teach.
With some help from Rocío, I have found a fairly useful resource (in the bibliography of Greenberg).	When writing my dissertation about Language and Identity I found these two references: Bugarski, R. (1997).
It sounds like what you are really looking for is linguistic evidence of a Semitic substrate in Old English.	The Balkan sprachbund is a group of languages which have interspersed grammatical features among each other.
Another example of the same combination of gnarly syllable structure and tone is Tlingit, where words like [tʃχánkʼ] ‘grandkid’ and [ɬʔùɬ.tʃí.nì] ‘vest’ occur.	I think that the basic observation about agglutinative languages generally not having complex tonal systems is pretty well upheld.
It actually has nothing to do with a phonological rule, per se.	I doubt the explanations given elsewhere in this thread very much.
English spelling did deteriorate, due to almost abruptive historical changes.	Language can "improve" over time as well as "just changing".
It is, however, main-stream Indo-Europeanist theory that the suffix * -es marks both the genitive singular and the nominative plural m/f in proto-Indo-European.	There is a paper by Pavel Caha on Lingbuzz that addresses this exact question.
Zipf’s law, as I understand it, is not really about languages, but about statistics and probability.	As with all natural laws, Zipf's law is an approximation.
Palatalisation of /k/ before front vowels happens all over the place: Russian, Greek, Turkish, Persian etc.	The same goes for [g] : [ǵ] and [l] : [ĺ], and no other consonant.
I may be missing something but isn't this more a question of negation scope.	I do not know that I have a proper answer, but I would like to summarize my findings.
I think there is a need for a comprehensive review of the origins of the features of Indian Linguistic Area.	I wouldn't hundred percent subscribe to Tamil (refering here to classical Tamil Sangam poetry) being mora-timed.
In speech, of course, rhythm and intonation would probably make it clear what the speaker meant.	I have probably turned myself into a machine, but the sentences I was driving against the traffic towards London.
If you want to go in depth, check the links.	There are formalized dependency-based grammars, such as Meaning-Text Theory or Functional Generative Description.
The modern Moscow school asserts that PIE was predated by Proto-Eurasiatic.	The answer is that we do not know (and possibly never will).
I agree completely with the comment by @Alenanno, Jun 29 at 15:07.	Although I am quite fluent in Russian, I wouldn't say English sound particularly 'cold' to me.
The example of Piraha shows that Chomsky's basic claim about language is incorrect, and that's it.	A sort of squabble played out a few years ago on the pages of Language.
There is at least one case I can think of in English similar to this.	Latin has a pretty large class of nouns like these, which are actually called abundantia in the grammatical tradition.
One powerful husband and wife couple had created an organization before Interlingua was formalized.	First of all, this goal is seen as somewhat utopic today.
The Japanese case marker =ga (a post-clitic), was not originally a subject marker.	First, I am going to address Tangurena's answer (I don't have enough reputation to add a comment).
Wikipedia's page on lenition seems to suggest that a /t/ -> /θ/ change can actually come from a /t/ -> /tθ/ (affrication) -> /θ/ (spiratization) change.	I would really give not an answer but somewhat refusal for the question (despite the question is really good).
Most English words have roots in Indo-European, either through original Germanic or through borrowed Latin, French, or Greek words.	As you can probably guess, there are several ways to determine the etymology of words.
I'm afraid this is wishful thinking on the part of some instructor.	As others have pointed out, it seems that you probably meant to discuss homo*phones*, and I'll proceed on that assumption.
In Witness for the Defense, Elizabeth Loftus describes how police questioning can influence witnesses into recalling events that never happened.	The most interesting research is experimental work on grammatical gender and functional words (like prepositions).
What those "childish errors" really show are that children are generating language, not just repeating it.	With due regard to @mollyocr's answer, I shall answer my own question.
A part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious.	"Phoneme" is a theoretical construct which probably can't go away.
You should clarify the question a bit to make sure you mean 'writing systems', not languages.	In the Old Ethiopic language Ge'ez a double dot (:) was used to separate words.
If you arecomming from the non-linguistics environment, the best book is to start with Is Fromkin, Introduction to language.	This is what they recommend at Oxford as introductory textbooks to students starting a Masters' in Linguistics.
My estimation would be between 1000 and 500 years ago, after population drifts but before the European conquest.	One problem is, as you've identified, how to define "language".
From what I'm seeing it's generally accepted that most English speakers have a vocabulary size of 15000 to 20000 words.	According to a statistical estimation I know roughly 7000 words in English.
"Not fast" is in Arabic  ليست سريعة (pronounced something like "lessat sahirah").	In fact, it seems to be the case that you do get /r/ in those contexts and specific words (also, 'squash', etc.).
A quick search of جید on Google returned two relevant results.	What roots cannot denote is the actual and specific performance of an action.
-er a derivational suffix because it changes the word class to which the entire expression belongs.	I am not convinced that either one of these answers in correct.
It seems you don't understand the difference between Morphology and Phonology and therefore, the difference between morphemes and phonemes.	'Orthographically similar' might be another term you can use, meaning 'spelled similarly'.
This answer does not address the source of the Vietnamese word, just the Vietnamese/Lao connection.	Different languages produce their vowels at different positions in the mouth.
According to this WALS page "Passive Constructions", there are five necessary properties of a passive construction.	You may want to start with an excellent review by Leonid Kulikov.
What could really be hardly translated into Russian is 'privacy' (although some might disagree stating that it is translated as покой).	The Western Desert Language in Australia does not have a word directly equivalent to English 'love'.
In traditional Principles and Parameters Framework 1, noun phrases (NP) are considered the topmost lexical head.	These are two different representations that depend on your assumption.
The Farsi word "جادو" /dʒɒ:du:/ is thought to be cognate with Sanskrit "यातु" /ja:tu/, with a similar meaning.	Avestan yātu-, Middle Persian jādūg, New Persian jādū all mean “sorcerer”, though the NP word is also used for “sorcery” (MP.
passenger:  How long will the bus stay at the station?	This kind of phonological ambiguity is frequent enough, also because sound may be distorted.
Latin semen comes from sero, "to sow", which in turn comes from the Proto-Indo-European *sē(i)-, "to sow".	Hebrew šɛmɛn שמן “oil, fat” is a Semitic cognate of Arabic samn سمن “fat, butter” (with Semitic s1).
You are right - it is the vibration of the vocal cord that adds "voice".	Normally, English "k", "t" and "p" are always aspirated, so they have a very slight "h" sound right after them.
British popular singers do tend to sound American -- but obviously not the choristers at King's College!	I think the academic phonological analysis is true only to a small extent.
It was too long for the comment, so had to post it as an answer.	@Alenanno's answer is great, but there is yet another factor: conspiracy.
Jane, I disagree on two points: Hebrew wasn’t (morphologically) simplified because of European Jews; it was mainly syntactically Europeanised.	Interesting response from Ron Maimon, although I am not sure I understand it fully.
I can think of two main factors which would motivate such a decision.	This is not a scientific account, it may not be accurate, nor am i an expert on the subject.
As pointed out by others, "true synonyms" do not exist.	I think the word you are looking for is plesionym.
I'm not aware of any publication which has exact percentages for the origins of Monguor vocabulary.	RE: "some of Mongour are Taoist and Bonan are Muslim" The Bao'an/Bonan who are officially classified as such live in Gansu.
At least, in night the "t" came from the original PIE word for night, noqu̯ts.	This kind of phonological ambiguity is frequent enough, also because sound may be distorted.
Things like the Swadesh List are an attempt at a vocabulary list along the lines you are talking about.	I just read about a study on this which used a fascinating methodology.
In French, all the words are the same if they refer to the same animal or product.	Here is a funny clip from a dramatization of a Japanese class: Nihonjin no Shiranai Nihongo episode 1 clips.
let me give you a maths example: pentagon, hexagon, heptagon, octagon, nonagon, decagon，??	The OP seems to be bilingual in English in Chinese.
To decide if a language is related to another language requires showing that they descend from a common ancestor.	At present, the recent findings of Lusitanian inscriptions confirm the bilingual character (indigenous - Latin) of the so called Lusitanian language.
There's actually been a lot of work on this kind of issue in morphosyntax.	I don't see why a definite article suffix and "definiteness" as a noun property contradict each other.
In medieval Christian theology, things that were left-handed were things that belonged to Satan (or were corrupted by him).	The English word "right" comes from Proto-Indo-European word o̯reĝtos which meant "correct" and had cognates o̯reĝr "directive, order", o̯reĝs "king, ruler", o̯reĝti "guides, directs", o̯reĝi̯om "kingdom".
I have a pair with the big-toe strap, and they're very comfortable when I wear them with toe socks.	I have gone through three pairs, two without the toe strap, and one with.
A tent may give you slightly more protection than sleeping out in the open, but not much.	No, a tent will not give you any protection from bears that want what's inside.
Although I agree with AM_Hawk as down being both light and compressible, I'd also suggest layering your clothing.	Down is the lightest and most compressible delivering the best warmth.
A few points to add here: Coyotes are not know to be aggressive towards humans.	In general they are not considered dangerous because they rarely attack humans.
In case you don't have anything to put on your bites, i found out the following.	I use Solarcaine, which contains a local anesthetic, on both mosquito bites and sunburn.
In case of ascending on a rockface it does not really matter which way round you use it.	I always ascend the other way around (foot-prusik above the chest prusik).
As mentioned in other answers, it will depend on the type of your backpack.	I have gone through three pairs, two without the toe strap, and one with.
Bear spray is a more humane option; however, you do ask about legal repercussions.	You can shoot a human in self defense, so don't worry about shooting a bear if you have to.
We use a padded bag that goes around the waist like the dreaded fanny pack.	I've been using a LowePro TLZ bag clipped to the front of my pack, just above the sternum straps.
The outside of a tent is designed to get wet, the key trick is to keep everything else dry.	There are all kinds of people who put up the fly first, then crouch under it putting up the inside.
I recently hiked in the desert in April and drank 8 oz per half hour, which was a pint an hour.	I carry 6L in the Mojave dunes but find that I only drink 3 to 4L.
In Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Poland You can camp almost anywhere in forest and near public waters.	Generally in England and Wales it is illegal to wild camp anywhere without prior permission from the land owner.
If boiling isn't an option, aqua mira is usually a good choice.	Fecal contamination should not really be an issue unless someone is already sick.
Nylon dries fast, is resistant to ripping and tearing, and fairly breathable.	Nylon, among other synthetics, is an ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuits for several reasons.
The band actually works like a taut line hitch knot.	The simplest ones are like this, and even the more complex ones are typically broadly similar.
GPS (wikipedia) is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide.	GPS systems can, and do, work everywhere you can get satellites.
The simple solution is not to rub your arms against your torso.	There is a product called naked surf that you can apply as a liquid rash guard.
To actually load a person onto a boat, try a parbuckle.	If there is another person person onboard, have them do nothing but watch the person in the water.
The main reason it's buried is to keep it from washing into water supplies.	Actually it's looking like Bio-charing the waste is going to be the best option.
Warmth -- This is after all why you are buying the bag.	The key factors are going to vary from person to person.
Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	American black bears They are somewhat common in some wilderness areas of California, mostly in the mountains.
So it's important to have a basic understanding before you even get on skis.	Skiing is a sport where taking lessons pays off very quickly.
I would consider using OSM as they are available for garmin devices.	I'm going to say that fit is one of the most important elements.
I follow a paleotic diet (which is gluten-free) for fairly similar reasons.	First, sorry to hear the diagnosis, but you are not alone.
So there is a known reason for the order not to drink tap water.	If you are being asked to boil water it has a biological contamination.
As I noted in my answer to that question, plasticene or stress balls work.	Whilst walking about, clench your fist, then stretch your hand open again.
My favorite fireside activity is my family's version of 20 questions.	I think Kate Gregory's answer has covered the most important issues.
You may have luck with a thermos flask, or similar insulated flask above a regular water bottle.	I use a "Camelbak Stoaway" bladder - it has a bit of insulation and neoprene on the tube.
What I do is wrap the duct tape around a pencil.	Duct tape wraps around items fairly and can be stored by wrapping on your gear.
If you drop a belay plate you can use a Munter Hitch to descend down the rope.	One method is to build a brake out of carabiners.
Icebug specializes in shoes made for running on ice or other very slippery surfaces.	As stated by Graham in his comment, I would recommend using ice traction device like this one or this one.
You need to have clothes for the coldest part of the trip, at the mountaintop.	When hiking in the cold you need to be able to sweat but not get cold.
In a gym, the toprope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar.	Alright, there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address.
Glucosamine is for cartilage, and finger pain from climbing is probably tendon problems.	I've had a very large number of finger and tendon injuries over 20 years of climbing.
I visit AZ every summer and include some hikes in the desert when I'm there.	Apart from what has been said, your need of water also depends on what you eat.
The obvious thing to consider would be how loud the whistle is.	Pea vs. Pealess -- In very cold temperatures, pea whistles don't work Volumn -- Louder is better... to a point.
A wonderful woman I know has the Habenera bag by REI (link).	If you can settle on purple Nunatak and Feather Friends have good sleeping bags in those colors.
Cross-loading with certain belay devices - take a look at the Rhino carabiner which is specially constructed to prevent cross loading.	Keeping some outward tension on the belay device really helps.
A few others I could think of: Foxes Foxes are generally not aggressive are easily scared away by humans.	In the UK we have, comparative to other countries, very few venomous creatures.
We've camped for a month (4 adults/no kids), no TV, no phone, no radio or power & one water spigot.	Tie the end of the yarn to the bottom-most thread of the warp.
There are several factors you should considering when judging the severity of a fall.	Perhaps manufacturers advise on how much strain their ropes could take before retirement?
Close your eyes and stay in a prone position with as few bounces as possible.	I'm a sailboat skipper with 25 years experience, so perhaps my tips could help a bit.
An embolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	Here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
If you have space, you can seperate the tent body and the tent poles and pack them on the inside.	As mentioned in other answers, it will depend on the type of your backpack.
Go to your nearest military surplus store and ask if they have any arctic water bottles.	We've been using flexible Platypus reservoirs and have had no trouble thus far.
First off, let me admit, I have never made crack-climbing gloves with tape.	To me, hiking is totally different from the rest of the activities on the list.
I wouldn't say it's necessarily better for the things you outline than the other common options.	I would since a tampon has more than one use example this link shows 10 different ways to use one (http://artofmanliness.com/2012/06/05/survival-tampon/).
For hard-packed or icy snow, steel runner sleds are quite fast.	We have tested many sleds over the years and this one is as dangerously fast as it is classically beautiful.
If you haven't climbed in a while I would recommend staying away from doing fingertip pull-ups on hang boards.	Climbing is the best exercise for finger and hand strength improvement, just make sure to warm up and stretch.
On more than one occasion, having forgotten DEET, we have just rubbed down with raw garlic.	I've heard good things about Badger Balm protecting from biting bugs.
Although technology has brought us many conveniences most of them require supporting power or other technology.	The first solution that comes to mind is a "zeer", or pot-in-pot refrigerator.
Mosquitoes love me, so I've had opportunity to try many variations of repellent.	DEET can be harmful to the skin if you suffer from any skin disorders such as Eczema (as I do).
well there are many ways to prevent this, the easyiest way would be to trim the hair between the paws.	Since it has been a year and some of this has not been mentioned I felt compelled to do so.
If I already had the right to vote I would give a +1 to Patrick Scott's answer.	The most common for rock climbing are with fingerboards or campus boards.
Many fish will strike at any moving object of roughly the right shape.	You can use any piece of lint, string, or leaves, to make a makeshift lure.
When talking about fresh, dry clothes then it's not true.	My experience tell me this: sleep naked always if there's no sign of a possible avalanche.
I think if you're seeing damage your concern is valid.	I lived in Yosemite for over a year and saw TONS of tree belay stations.
I haven't used this trick for your exact issue but I have used it for similar issues.	By far the simplest and most hygienic solution is to buy two sets.
There are a few techniques that amount to just this.	This isn't something a real fisherman would do, so if you really want to learn to fish don't do it.
Children are a relatively high risk on board a small boat.	Infants & Toddlers most of the time will not know about safety.
Google maps is free as in beer but doesn't usually show hiking trails.	I enjoy being alone, but I'll bring a book and some music for when I'm in my tent.
You need to distill it - I'm assuming that freezing is not an option (unless you're camping in the extreme latitudes).	Outdoors you can dig a hole and build SOLAR STILL.
It would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person.	I'm no herpetologist, but in my experience, snakes are in the "you don't bug me, I won't bug you" category.
I am near Seattle and I am getting some miles in around Snoqualmie and Middle Fork Wilderness areas.	I realize you already made your trip, but I will answer your question anyhow.
As I wrote above, it's hard to rate this wall.	Unlike others, I think the route is pretty well described.
You are right, if you gain 3000+ meters within 6 hours, you are susceptible to AMS.	As your body gets used to the altitude, the symptoms go away.
I picked up a memory foam travel pillow for around $5 at Canadian Tire a few years back.	Have you tried fitting them both into a single pillowcase?
What was already said: pee and don't drink before sleeping.	From my comment - Some people keep a jar in the tent to pee in.
This doesn't directly answer your question and might not be to your liking, but it's what I do.	In dry climates you can take advantage of evaporative cooling - especially on a bike.
Probably the best thing you can do to acclimate to the cold is to live in it.	Acclimatization isn't purely psychological; it is actually a physiologically different response based upon recent exposure and experience.
In average to less than average physical shape, I'd say that is pushing it a bit.	Can you do some local training hikes on similar terrain before heading out there?
There are a few differences between the SOT kayaks and a touring kayak that you'll want to consider.	I would recommend checking out something like Hobie's Mirage pedal driven kayaks.
Imsodin's answer is good and covers a lot of good points.	I am not entirely sure, but I think you are referring to boots like the La Sportiva Nepal.
Once you open it up to toxins, the answer is clearly no, boiling is not enough.	Boiling eliminates only a certain class of contaminants that can make you ill.
I use Oil of Lemon Eucalyptus(OLE) and it works great.	DEET is really evil, it is a dissolvent that is able to etch the plastic cap!
If you are being asked to boil water it has a biological contamination.	I have several gluten-intolerant people in my life, and though I haven't taken them camping, here's how I would feed them.
Couscous is one of the best sources of carbohydrate I've found.	For pure calorific content, you cant beat Kendall Mint Cake.
Oh friend, I have been down this miserable road just like you.	Holding on to crimpers is what causes pain in my finger-joints.
The most common for rock climbing are with fingerboards or campus boards.	Hartley (and Phil) pretty much have it covered, but I'd add a couple of things.
Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	You can get a rough estimate from using an online calorie estimation website.
The rucksacks that I own, have extra long straps as well.	Clip together any unclipped compression straps even if you aren't tightening them, just to reduce the length that flaps around.
I like the question although I am not a geocacher at all.	I don't want, however, to inform anyone around about that cache - I want to keep it secret only for 'chosen'.
You can sit on your hands or cross your arms over your chest, clench a fist, and pump your muscles.	If your fingers are to the cold point where you cant feel them, then not much is going to help.
If you have children with you, you will have no worries about keeping yourself busy, you'll be plenty busy.	My favorite fireside activity is my family's version of 20 questions.
The British Mountaineering Council (BMC) has a downloadable helmet guidebook which addresses this question pretty well.	In my opinion you should also take the hybrid helmets into account.
If you're staying out overnight, consider digging a snowhole instead of using a tent.	I've not camped in subzero weather before but I have spent several hours working on glaciers.
If you wear a bear bell on your backpack, your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying.	Again, tie a secure loop in the rope near the second sack.
To deal with low oxygen environments you need more red blood cells.	General fitness is the only technique you can employ without going to higher altitudes.
If you wear a bear bell on your backpack, your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying.	The above advice is quite good, just wanted to add on thing to consider regarding food in bear country.
I clean my drinking system with lots of hot water then sterilise it using baby bottle sterilising tablets.	Here is a few videos on how you can clean your hydration pack.
Figure 8 pattern is good but there is also another pattern which can be useful.	The first two images on this site (pictured below) show how you can pack your rope without producing tangles.
Oh friend, I have been down this miserable road just like you.	Yes, it is accepted practice to wash new Semi-Static rope (or Single Rope Technique/SRT Rope as it is known by cavers).
For every item, I weigh up the regularity of use, vs the urgency of use.	Stuff is first put into plastic bags according to type.
Sleeping pads: I was on a motorcycle trip with very little storage space.	Tent: A 2 person tent divides up really well between Tent/rainfly, and poles/groundcloth, a 4 person tent breaks down each component even more.
If it's honeydew, then soap & water should do the trick.	From experience with small sections I have used hand sanitizer and it works.
I wouldn't buy an ultralight tent if you're going to put the tent through severe trauma or require significant space (e.g.	I have bought the Copper Spur 3 and slept in it now on a cottage lawn and on a backcountry campsite.
I believe the threads are generally compatible, BUT that's not the issue.	I first bought a MSR Fuel Bottle (325 ml, aluminum) for packing denatured alcohol for my Trangia stove.
I would consider "Rock Climbing" as something in the Class 5 definition of the YDS grading system.	According to my father (a self-identified mountaineer), the difference is as follows: A rock climber encounters a cliff on a mountainside.
There are 2 things that you need to watch out for: Wind chill and getting wet due to sweating.	Here's my attempt to make a truly thorough answer to the question of cold-weather clothing.
Actually, electric fences with an attached alarm are pretty common when camping in Svalbard (lots and lots of polar bears).	Are you sure this is a good idea at all?
My opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it.	My opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this.
You are safe to use the bottles as long as they have been properly sterilised.	I would say it's completely safe so long as the bottles have been adequately rinsed to remove any detergent residue.
He is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable.	You can try putting the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while.
I recommend fewer, longer stops instead of short, frequent stops.	I DO NOT recommend night driving--especially if your drive is in excess of ten hours.
First of all, you should get past the idea that you are going to get her to change.	I agree that you need to take care of this prior to your child being born.
There is something that a teacher told us regarding the bullying between our toddler (3) and our infant (1 year).	When you are talking about babies and toddlers, bullying is a lot simpler than it can be with older children.
I'd ensure you got professional advice before committing your children to a vegan diet.	If you omit eggs and dairy, it becomes very difficult to get adequate nutrients.
I would recommend asking questions in a way that doesn't require a yes or no answer.	Would you be concerned with the mind changing if he wasn't shouting and/or misbehaving?
I'm multilingual too, able to turn the language switch in the brain without effort.	I would simply like to recommend a book that is fabulous for your situation.
Yes, twins can develop their own language, but it's not a given.	Here's what I saw with my fraternal twins: While learning to speak, all children develop some of their own dialect.
Whatever you do, don't bite him back to show him that it hurts.	We always lightly bopped our kids on the mouth, therefore showing him that his mouth is what hurt you.
A rule of thumb that I've heard is "for small children, big dogs".	Any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous.
You can try cutting the nails when they are asleep.	The longer it has been since the last feeding, the easier it should be to pump.
My opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it.	I really wanted my ears pierced, but my parents said I had to wait until I was 10 years old.
They should be rewarded for good behavior in the process of learning the good behavior.	There are those who feel that rewards are just as counter-productive as punishments.
I know of no firm evidence indicating that baby talk is either helpful or detrimental in language development.	Baby talk, when used correctly is beneficial to speech development.
I've always used the 1-2-3 countdown method, but as stated in the chosen post, this requires training.	I have never worked out how to get a child to listen first time.
A possibility is to have a family meeting with the stated goal of working out the reward(s) for chores.	Many children, instead of being motivated by reward are motivated by being in control.
At a certain time, the answer would have been a quick spanking or at least a swat on the behind.	As @tomjedrz said, they do go from being baby carriers to stuff carriers and are always useful in that regard.
There are actually more than 2 methods of teaching a child to sleep through the night.	I think there's too many factors at play to determine the proper age to use cry it out.
Pacifier use too early, or, indeed, any artificial nipple use too early can definitely lead to nipple confusion.	Here are two sites with the results of research on nipple confusion.
The point is to get the air out that the infant sucks into the stomach while feeding.	I've found with my baby that it's more accurate to go by his behavior than by "rules".
You make sure to praise hard work rather than natural gifts.	I suggest looking to offer up as many resources regarding his interests as you can.
Most martial arts schools don't take kids until they are 4 or 5, depending on the class and the school.	My sister put her son in a martial arts class and was nervous because he is really shy.
I wouldn't say this was an absolute necessity, but I absolutely love having a video baby monitor.	Another strange thing that I wish I had the foresight to buy earlier are "Pool noodles".
Nicknames - people (especially in Australia) will always have their names reduced to the minimum number of syllables.	Being from India, our criteria was: How will it sound to international English speakers?
Remember also that there are no foods that cannot be eaten at breakfast.	Instead of the bacon we use slices of ham or turkey depending on which brand has less sodium in it.
Would you be concerned with the mind changing if he wasn't shouting and/or misbehaving?	Young children often are overwhelmed with options, especially when tired.
Yeah, that schedule is an excellent way of making sure you get enough sleep.	In general, I would do the same thing to an 18 year old as any of my kids.
You should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional.	It is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher.
A very good friend of mine helped my wife and I cope when the strain of a strong-willed toddler.	She's probably into the first growth spurt already and as such is hungry all the time.
You will be hard pressed to find scientific studies that answer these questions with any certainty.	The topics you mention are very broad and not closely related in the scientific world.
Although cheese is very healthy and also good during pregnancy, some types might contain Listeria, which can cause serious problems.	As was mentioned, the problem with cheese is the potential for Listeria.
I actually involved my Daughter in with helping me and my son when he was born.	I think it's important that you make time for the older child so they don't feel neglected.
I would suggest you to look into baby sleeping bags.	We have allowed our boys to use afghans at night since about 9 months old.
Since you're allergic, what sort of detergent do you use personally to prevent negative reactions?	My daughter used to have a reaction when we used normal detergents.
Praise is a wonderful motivator as long as the praise is for the "right" things.	I've actually heard the opposite, at least for younger kids.
The fact that she played with her toys for 3 hours indicates that there is NOT anything physically wrong.	Pick her up if she doesn't relax after a few calm "sleep now, dear".
My sister is a dentist, so she gave a cute toothbrush with lights on it.	There are two most likely scenarios here: Your child may have oral-sensory issues.
The Met Opera has showings of operas in local movie theaters.	My 8yo is a budding opera geek... has been for at least a year and a half.
You only need to bath your baby 2-3 times a week.	Baby pimples actually have little to nothing to do with cleanliness.
If the child falls and cries unusually then make sure to check.	A friend told me it's when they are silent that there is a problem.
As a teacher and a recently back to work mom, I think there are more cons than pros.	The fact that she played with her toys for 3 hours indicates that there is NOT anything physically wrong.
Both of my kids have some form of lactose intolerance.	Same here, except we are dealing with milk protein which means not even lactose free milk.
Another strategy is to survey the nursing staff at the hospital asking who they use for their children.	Aside from asking people with children for recommendations, try asking an OB/GYN.
With our twins (13 months old) we have a bedtime routine starting around 7 (earlier if they are cranky).	As HedgeMage said, a routine is very very important, especially the story telling part.
It sounds as though you're going through something I went through a little while ago.	According to my personal experience there's no better way to be the best exapmle to your kids.
Peer pressure is empowered by the drive to belong and be accepted.	I was not allowed to watch Soap Operas while I was growing up.
Both of our children slept in a portable pen for at least their first year, and there were no problems.	Yours looks like the one we used for my kids (same brand and everything).
In addition to reading, flash cards are also  a great way to increase vocabulary.	Nouns are great, but it's also important to include other parts of speech (adverbs, adjectives, etc.).
First, constantly reassure her that she has nothing to fear.	a) As soon as he can count, add and subtract; b) When he spends significant time outside home without parents.
I have never read anything that said teethers were bad--where did you read that?	We used a clean cloth or baby sock wrapped around an ice cube with our kids and grandkids.
First and foremost you and your partner need to identify what styles of learning work best for you.	A rather standard answer is "What to expect when you're expecting" book.
Alternative hubby perspective: Nothing went wrong, and I still don't think it was a waste of time.	The potential that you will learn something makes it absolutely worth it.
As a speech language pathologist, I've been trained in treating stuttering.	I was at the University of Alberta while they were doing a 2-week clinic for people (adults) who stutter.
Interesting that she was happy with it for about 2 weeks.	Actually, it looks like there are multiple options for organic formula.
I struggled at bath time with my children (now 2, 3, and 4) when they were very little.	Our daughter has always loved her bath, but coming out... not so much.
We have a routine called 'going to the window'-- the preschool/day care has a window overlooking the parking lot.	Similar to those mentioned earlier, we too have a routine to leave.
I had a problem with grinding my teeth when I was young.	Relaxation exercises before bed can help as well as holding a cork in the front teeth for 1 minute before bed.
I'm facing a similar situation; being Danish and living in (German-speaking) Austria.	An alternative would be to expose her solely or additionally to Hindi in daycare.
I've done a lot of road trips and a few airplane trips with my now 6-year-old and often alone.	Though I always start with non-electronic activities, I make sure to keep a few tucked into my bag as a backup.
My son didn't become potty trained until about his 4th birthday.	Here are some things that worked with my son who started toilet training around 2.5 years.
We use the 1.2.3 rule, and I'm a computer programmer, and my oldest son (6 years old) loves math.	We really tried avoiding 1,2,3 with our son, preferring time outs, but time outs just weren't that effective.
According to Web MD a seven-year-old should get about 10 to 11 hours of sleep per day.	I have the same problem with my 7 year old son.
As other people have said, it sounds like your parents did you a disservice by not preparing you correctly.	I don't think you should be afraid of this conversation at all.
My daughter, also 10, tends to have great plans but no follow through.	I don't think there a games the specifically do this, however most games will lend themselves to this skill.
I would think of this as a gift that your son has.	Quite simply: stop doing it, stop letting the siblings and grandparents do it.
Be honest about how everyone has flaws and makes mistakes.	A good question might be some things not to buy.
I know for a fact that sucking the lower lip does cause a bulging misshaped blob on the lower lip.	I can't scientifically debunk the myth you mention, but I've never heard of it and I don't think it's true.
I evaluate based on what my parents did or didn't do.	If you are asking the question, then that's all that matters.
This is anecdotal, but: One of my cousins had a similar problem when he was a child.	As the comments have said, don't be afraid to ask your pediatrician about it, since it worries you.
Is it possible that you gave up swaddling too early?	I had a bedtime routine and followed a 3 hour cycle for my infant (at the time newborn).
When a baby cries, it gets more and more worked up.	The fact that she played with her toys for 3 hours indicates that there is NOT anything physically wrong.
You didn't specify how you put him to bed, so here are a few suggestions.	After visiting 2 urgent cares and our pediatrician the recommendation is unanimous.
I had a bedtime routine and followed a 3 hour cycle for my infant (at the time newborn).	We abandoned swaddling at 4 weeks because our son would scream and thrash when being swaddled.
I assume your child is also being addressed by someone else in English?	Personally, I feel the volume of words is more important, than the diversity, at least early on.
Show her how much fun splashing is - that's what we did, and made a game of it.	You can put her toys near her or give he toys to her.
Let him know that you love him very much and that you have rules for his betterment.	Tell him: Father is not only a title, its a job.
It's difficult for everyone when a child is fighting sleep.	We're soon to be moving our son from his toddler bed to a full sized bed.
From my own and others' experience, I'd say around 6-9 years of age is the time when they figure it out.	Some things to try: Remove all chocolate and mint from her diet.
My 13 month old son has been transfixed by the TV since day 1.	Some of the other answers seem to address older children.
Our daughter has always loved her bath, but coming out... not so much.	My wife and I originally had the same problem with our newborn twins fussing when bath time was over.
As a programmer i would propose to you the following: Abstract thinking, Pragmatic Thinking, Higher problem solving.	In addition to the other suggestions, I'd say make sure he can type relatively accurately.
Bring lots of toys for your child to play with, books, activities.	I have always heard its a bad idea until they're two.
I think a daily family supper is a good idea.	I've tried to work on this with emotional intelligence: helping my kids understand what they and other people are feeling.
Playing doctor is something all kids want to try at some point.	I have been in a simular situation with my daughter and a female friend when they were 5 and 4.
Coincidentally, we watched tv with our 6 week old twins last night for about 3 hours.	There's probably a study to support whatever theory there is you want to believe in.
One concern I have about bring my baby in wooded areas is ticks.	Nothing really special for camping that you don't already do when you go out.
20 years ago my wife and I took Lamaze classes during the pregnancy.	The usual guidance given sounds odd: in early years leadership is learned by example.
We had a problem with an older one (partially related to a younger child's birth) as far as #2.	A newborn will start issues (as we've had) with jealousy, and a whole new set of attention seeking behaviour.
Most doctors do recommend rice cereal as the first food, as there is almost no worry of allergic reaction.	Eating off a spoon has to be an unusual experience for them.
This question is rhetorical because it answered itself by using the word "profanity".	Its not just profanity but other words that are derisive of other people etc.
After doing some research on this, it seems that some tantrum behaviors might be warning signs of problems.	I have 5 kids (20, 18, 10, 8, 6) and none of them ever threw a tantrum.
Most of the literature I can find about infant sleeping has to do primarily with waking habits, not eating habits.	In my experience, babies tend to wake up by themselves when they get hungry.
Being excluded from normal classes to get remedial work is definitely not good for your self-esteem.	I think that it is greatly dependent on the culture of the school and they way it is done.
our daughter had, what we were told were, night terrors.	Our son started doing something similar but not quite as bad.
Given the opportunity, children will play computer games all day, and ignore everything else going on around them.	The main feedback I can provide here is to model the behavior you want to see in your child.
Here is my advice based on my personal experience pumping breastmilk for twin boys for a full year.	I understand that the first 3 days are the most important, so much so it is vital you do it then.
Perhaps the easiest thing to do would be to keep more balanced snacks readily available.	I had a similar problem with my daughter (I called her the carb junkie).
Most modern baby monitors use digital transmission (most often the DECT standard).	The simplistic answer is to buy two from different manufacturers.
It is possible, but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank.	We tried putting a male betta in a community tank once.
You indicate in your comments that your hamster does not have hay.	You can't expect your pet to keep mum if you are not with him.
Turtles love eating goldfish and lots of things that fit into their mouths.	First, the turtles are eating the fish because fish are food, not friends.
Given that the amount of shedding is normal, I don't think there's anything you can do to lessen it.	To reduce the amount of fur a cat malts over your furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush.
You're looking at roughly 3-4 cups of food twice a day.	It really all depends on what you feed the dog.
My experience with Danios has that they always have been "bossy" fish.	Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.
My answer's going to be the same as one I've previously given.	If you're looking for a pet, I would probably suggest guinea fowl.
Okay, so you've got a dog running around without a leash and one that won't let you catch him?	I had a dog with Cushing's Disease, and he gobbled food.
To be honest, this just sounds like normal puppy behavior.	I am not an expert, just happen to have lived the same thing a couple of months ago.
Another issue you might want to consider is that as cats get older their colon response gets weaker.	In general I'd say one should feed cats wet food instead of dry.
I have seen cats not like using the litterbox for a variety of reasons.	I think Keltari has some good ideas.... A cat can change its "taste" in litter material.
So, in general I would avoid bathing a cat unless there's a real strong need to do so.	Don't use regular shampoo -- cats have very sensitive skin and regular shampoo will dry it out and irritate it.
I have had really good results using carPET Scratch Stoppers in doorways and under doors.	Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it.
I always leave Bear (7 months old, now)  with a Kong when I leave for the day.	I had a dog with Cushing's Disease, and he gobbled food.
Cats (and all animals in general) do not understand the concepts of order or tidiness.	They don't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house.
It does sound like your cat is upset about something, and trying to communicate it to you.	Something is bothering your cat and he does not like it.
I have noticed most cats don't lick people a great deal.	Cats may or may not lick a person based on all kinds of things.
How could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death.	In my 200 L fresh water tank, which is an aggressive tank, fish occasionally get harassed to death.
I have a Siberian Husky that is not much older than your dog.	I would definitely ask his vet how much he thinks is too much for the dog's age and physical state.
For performance dogs we like to wait until 18 months on average.	There's an answer to this on Cesar Millan's website from a vet.
You could increase the fiber in the diet just like a human would with this issue.	I do not believe there is a specific diet which will ensure that no feces remains on a dog's backside.
I actually like Nature's Miracle as far as pet stain and smell removers go.	Home Depot has a great product called "Odoban" which is an all natural enzymatic cleanser that eliminates urine stains/odors.
Cats nails keep growing and they have the need to scratch to shorten them and keep them dulled down.	I have had really good results using carPET Scratch Stoppers in doorways and under doors.
My cat has lost a number of teeth - but refuses to go on a solely wet food diet.	Unfortunately, have no external sources, but my father is a veterinarian and my mother is a pet dietary consultant.
Ah yes, I had that problem with some of my cats, years ago.	I've made sure to have more cardboard boxes around for my youngest cat to shred and bite.
My cat has lost a number of teeth - but refuses to go on a solely wet food diet.	I feed my cats a roughly 50/50 diet of wet and dry.
First, double-check the dog's body language to make sure that it is truly aggressive.	First, you should realize that this is not you or your dog's problem.
The answer on backward chaining was very good and I would like to suggest an augmentation to that approach.	Although I'm 100% in favour of clicker training, in this case it might not be the best approach to start with.
The appropriate pH level of the water does vary a bit by fish, but too acidic can definitely kill them.	The info you've been given in the previous answers is good.
My guess is that means your cat only marginally likes the food you're feeding him.	Some researchers believe domestic cats never really mentally grow up completely and they always look at you like their mom.
I would look into how much water the dog is drinking in a day.	Try to wash the food bowl and the water bowl.
Nearly any cover you buy or build will allow enough air to circulate.	Covers are also there to prevent things from getting in.
You say that you have scratching posts around your house, but they may not be the right type.	From my experience, attempts to stop cats from scratching things generally fail.
We never gave our foster pup (who LOVES to chew) rawhides because we've heard that they're dangerous if they splinter.	In my experience the benefits of chewing raw or smoked bones far outweigh the draw backs.
Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it.	I started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question...
As long as it's not completely sealed air will get in.	Covers are also there to prevent things from getting in.
Teaching a retrieve is a great example of when you can use backchaining to get your desired effect.	The answer on backward chaining was very good and I would like to suggest an augmentation to that approach.
You should feed your cat twice a day but in summer they won´t eat as much as they do normally.	Since cats in nature hunt at dawn and dusk, a two meals a day strategy fits best with their nature.
I have had very good luck with two different obese cats using a Tiger Diner cat bowl.	Most "diet" cat foods load up on carbs, which cats don't need (they're carnivores!).
I wouldn't recommend keeping the giant gourami with any of the fish you have in Tank 2.	Going by your pictures, no, you can't combine these fish.
As a reminder: There are many cats who have lived long and happy lives on dry food.	I have used human tuna fish cans when I have forgotten cat food for a day or so.
With descending paralysis the strong rear leg muscles will have lots of strength.	I've seen on the "Dog Whisperer" that dogs can sense the anxiety that an owner has.
It is normal for a cat to get upset if an unfamiliar creature passes 'their' lawn/street/window.	You could try installing a privacy film on your windows.
It is major surgery and there's always a chance that the cat won't wake up from anesthesia.	They don't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house.
One piece of advice I've seen is to use bait to lure the snails out, and then physically remove them.	You might consider adding a few Assassin Snails to the tank.
Try switching to rats; weanling rats if you need something smaller.	As mentioned in previous answers, rats and gerbils can be offered instead of mice or in a rotation with mice.
You should take this animal to a vet right away.	As covered in the other answers, your only option is to see a vet in order to have surgery done.
The main cause of the allergies is proteins in the saliva.	Allergies to animals, particularly furry ones, can be across the board rather than species specific.
Ammonia is present in urine as a by-product of meat consumption, so its presence is entirely natural.	Drinking more water, urine smelling strongly, defecating outside the litter box - all of those signs sound like she's sick.
The ASPCA website has an exhaustive list of toxic and non-toxic plants for dogs, cats, and horses.	I would say, unless you know it is safe for cats assume it to be poisonous.
I have had great luck with Thundershirts in calming my pets, both cats and dogs.	One thing to keep in mind is to not try to comfort your pet.
I would say start by familiarizing the dog with the baby's scent.	The Humane Society of the United States has a few suggestions to prepare your pet.
For most of mine I do what Kyle does: stand the carrier on end and put the cat in rump-first.	All but one current answers talk about "forcefully" putting the animal into the carrier.
The behavior in wolves is known as "scrape behavior"; it is also present in their domesticated relatives.	From what i know, It's an extra way of being territorial.
There are a few things to help your bun gain a bit of weight.	John Cavan has some reasonable and appropriate methods for increasing a rabbits weight in his answer.
Stocking is very subjective to the specific inhabitants as well as the setup and your aquarium experience.	You'll always want to add fish into a tank slowly.
I've found that having existing tartar on the teeth is the worst culprit for stinky breath.	Try to wash the food bowl and the water bowl.
Sadly, you can't communicate to the female "hey its only play... he actually likes you".	To be honest, I think you're asking the wrong question.
It may be worth trying one of the artificial pheromone sprays.	You could always close or add curtains to the windows.
As he goes to get the food, you'll want to say your command.	Cats are hard to train, but not impossible, and a lot of is really tied to their natural interests.
Zaralynda has a fantastic answer, that runs counter to my in belief the "badness" of iceberg lettuce for bunnies.	In short, iceberg lettuce is mostly water with little to no nutrient value.
The antibiotics should hopefully help keep the itching down, so that he won't scratch at it.	So the vet assumed it was some kind of infection, though she seemed a bit clueless.
Another alternative for feeding pills is to just put the pill in the rabbits mouth.	I would suggest finding a compounding pharmacy and talking to someone there.
Odds are, the cat's as wary of you as you are of her.	Another option: If this cat tends to be rather vocal, she may just want to have a "conversation" with you.
Neutered cats may, or may not, consider it less important to go outside and examine/defend their territory.	He is probably doing this to show his disapproval of you leaving for work everyday.
I agree with Beo and Zaralynda... both are good advice.	We have a Norwegian Forest Cat who often gets mats and into plenty of messes.
Is there anything that you would want to do at 3am when you've just been woken up by your cat?	I had similar problems with Pounce de Leon when she was young.
I adopted a dog who ate fast (the way he was raised and Cushing's Disease).	Other than avoidance, there may be a few things you can do.
Your cats are still closer to kitten than to true adult and they want to hunt and pounce for practice.	I believe that there isn't an association between strings on toys and shoelaces.
Pipolino Kong for cats Catit feeding maze SmartCat Tiger Diner Portion Control Cat Bowl, cf.	I believe the current worlds record is something like 36-37 years old.
Pet stores do sell "Pet Grass" which gives them something to chew on (or grow your own).	I have lots of plants and keep them all behind closed doors so none of my cats can eat them.
This is a good example of overstocking a fish tank.	The first, and possibly most important, thing to look at is your tank size.
Going by your pictures, no, you can't combine these fish.	You can have Giant Gowra with any fish like Oscar, Koi carp, Angel, Giant Gowra, etc.
Diet management of iodine intake for your cat is going to be very difficult with food intended for human consumption.	Science Hills now do a dry and wet food diet that is iodine-free, it's called y/d.
The best approach is play with your cat each night in the evening before bedtime.	A trick I did was to grab and hold my cats close if they disturbed me during the night.
Perhaps she will respond to the sound (or smell, if applicable) of treats.	Okay, so you've got a dog running around without a leash and one that won't let you catch him?
I don't have direct experience with bettas, but I've never heard that pairs will work long-term in any male/female combination.	Bettas are highly territorial and no matter what sexes you keep together they will fight.
Cats are sensitive and highly strung, and can sometimes have odd reactions to being over-stimulated.	I think what you're encountering is called Feline Hyperesthesia Syndrome but the common name is rolling skin disease.
Since the risks and pitfalls of wire floors are largely mentioned, I'll mention pros...	Regardless of floor choice, remember that they need a burrow-like "safe" area to cope with stress.
We always put it crushed up in a bit of butter or on a sardine.	We had a cat that required daily medication, and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill.
An experiment with chicken: Two cages of chickens had a similar food automatic device.	I think Esa answered the question well and thus have awarded him the answer.
Odds are, the cat's as wary of you as you are of her.	Some cats (actually many, in my experience) find it difficult to sit or stand still when they are being petted.
I ended up using a combination of the three answers provided with a slight twist.	As a reminder: There are many cats who have lived long and happy lives on dry food.
The biggest reason I can think of is that you're taking away a defence mechanism for the cat.	Cats don't usually like to have their paws held, touched, or anything like that.
People here has answered very well but if nothing helps then barking control collars can help as a last resort.	You can't expect your pet to keep mum if you are not with him.
Depending on where you live, burying your pet in your yard may be illegal.	At only a few inches deep, it's still easily detected by coyotes and foxes.
The two primary consideration here are the dogs safety and the ease (or budget) of improvement.	Personally, I'd be wary of leaving a dog outside alone without a physical fenced boundary.
Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.	Supposedly Danios need to school which mean you need at least 5-8 Danios in your tank.
Diatomaceous Earth claims say that it works on fleas/mites by microscopically abrading (cutting) their exoskeleton, essentially drying them out.	So called "natural" remedies are not necessarily: more effective; or with less side effects.
Cats are descended from desert dwelling animals and have their kidneys concentrate the urine very strongly to recover water.	This table from Cornell University lists the specific gravity of urine for dogs, cats, and large animals.
It's just her style.... My cats all have different eating styles.	I have a cat who does this, and have heard about the behavior in other cats.
At this stage, I would look to add fish and stop artificially adding ammonia to the system.	Unfortunately I'd say no, not if you still have that much ammonia showing up.
How could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death.	Diet management of iodine intake for your cat is going to be very difficult with food intended for human consumption.
Gastric dilation, also know as bloat, is a veterinary emergency.	It is often said that "An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure".
It's possible that your cat, like some people, has simply gotten more finicky with age.	As far as I'm aware of, it's instinctual, to avoid contamination.
No, goldfish do not "pair up" — not socially, and not even in breeding.	Concern about lung development If you are concerned about your cat's health, you should take your cat to the veternarian.
When a carrier is not a thing to be afraid of, things get a lot easier.	All but one current answers talk about "forcefully" putting the animal into the carrier.
The thing they hate in citrus is the oil (which has the smell).	I found that "acts of God" can discourage and even teach cats from doing certain things (e.g.
Clean the urinated zone with vinegar (I used to do that when my feline daughter was a baby kitten).	Others have made some good suggestions about how to neutralize the odors in the area.
I have one Maine Coon but she does not do this behavior.	Since we can't know what moves inside a cat's head, it will all be a theory only.
Aristotle didn't put the world at the center of the universe per se.	Why did Aristotle place the earth at the centre of an infinite universe?
I don't think that positivism is a position of mostly leftist philosophers.	I am not convinced that positivism is routinely asociated to a leftist ideology.
It's a non-sequitur, which means that the conclusion "doesn't follow" from the premise.	It's fairly clear in this case that the problem is simply a false premise.
If everything has a cause, then God must have a cause.	There is something rather than nothing because the state of "nothing" is UNSTABLE.
I do not think the possibility of holding contradictory beliefs is controversial.	I'm not certain the preface paradox, as stated, holds water.
Strictly speaking I believe definitive knowledge is never obtainable, as Karl Popper has convincingly argued.	Broadly speaking, knowledge is objective truth while belief is subjective truth.
You don't write a dictionary first and then tell people to learn it.	No given dictionary for a language completely describes that language.
"To cause" means that there is an unbroken chain, ordered in time, that links from cause to effect.	The meaning of "cause" is very vague, it is a human term, not a scientific term.
In structural terms, the second sentence isn't incorrect, you just read it incorrectly.	As the t isn't mentioned in the part of Fever(x), we can push it inside.
Well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in your mind.	The difference is huge, as not all non-physical things exist in minds.
As a thoroughgoing occasionalist, Malebranche held that all causal activity is divine.	Occasionalism is the position that God is the true and "efficient" cause of all that occurs.
Dr Julin Jaynes speculates in his book; The origin of consciousness in the break down of the bicameral mind.	This is a great question which calls into discussion the nature of groups at all.
In modern evolutionary biology, teleology is considered to be an irrelevant explanation for what caused things to be.	This is a huge question actually and one of considerable current research.
People who are good at the philosophy of mathematics are mathematicians and not philosophers.	My motivation is that I like to look at things from their roots and go up.
I'm afraid I don't have an answer for you, but perhaps I can offer you a somewhat useful non-answer?	Thanks for your help after much searching I could not find anything.
Rational explanations follow from a specific set of axioms plus rules to go from step to step.	To evaluate a rational explanation, I think it's important to distinguish correct from rational.
I too am interested in this Budhist topic and offer a humble answer.	First of all: this is an excellent question, and deserves a better response than I can give it.
The difference between "necessary" and "sufficient" is the direction of the logical arrow.	sufficient is an upper bound, necessary is a lower bound.
This is much more a biology/evolution question than a philosophy question.	If limited life span was the result of generational evolution, unlimited lifespan would have been tried and rejected.
I have no idea why it is voted up, but Rex Kerr's answer begs the question.	It's a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the English-language description is wrong.
In the case that B, assume A and derive B to yield A implies B.	You can prove it indirectly as follows (if steps (5) and (8) are acceptable to you, of course).
Yes, if "natural numbers" is the commonly agreed on term from arithmetic.	This is more on the lines of commentary on your question, rather than an answer.
In the above process, nowhere the eyes are actually reading Chinese, but converting it to signals.	The Turing test enables the examiners to see if the judges are unable to distinguish the people from the robots.
It's true that, under one understanding of "accessibility" and "determining", your accessibility relation is determined by your axioms.	Accessibility is determined by the axioms of the modal logic you're working within.
I think this would be an example of a fallacy known as a Red Herring.	I don't think it's either an appeal to logos or pathos, but rather an appeal to ethos.
I think that the only difference between the two is the semantic objective of the definition.	(philosophy)The system of thought holding that all phenomena can be explained in terms of natural causes and laws.
Answering my own question, I've found MIT's OpenCourseware to be a good starting point.	Let me question your question briefly, then reassure you, then try to answer it.
Though I mostly agree with Cody's answer, I wish to answer from different perspectives.	Interesting theoretical answers aside, there is no such thing as "rights" or "entitlements" -- not really.
3 is in the set of integers but not in the set of even numbers.	This is not a mathematical argument, so no mathematical response is necessary.
You say this thing is older than the other, when both has measurable and finite age.	The proof is not valid and it isn't even true.
I once met a physicists who held the strong AI position.	Although I believe Searle is mistaken, I don't think you have found the problem.
The list is long, and will depend a lot upon your eventual area of specialization.	I minored in philosophy in college and trying to get back into it after 8 years.
Consequentialism not only admits but advocates cruel treatment in exactly those cases where there is an overall benefit.	The experiments done by those other than Mengele on prisoners by the Germans saved more lives than they cost.
I can not refute the argument as it is perfectly sound.	Yes, appeal to lack of evidence to the contrary has a name -> proof of burden.
I don't think you can find a consistent distiction across philosophers.	I have long pondered this question specifically in reference to mathematics.
Well, you can always limit the number of iterations or timeout to recover from "infinite loops" in decision procedures.	We're paradox free because of the differing registers of both rational & irrational thinking we're capable of.
The most simple example i can think of is the category mistake, a kind of fallacy.	This does not appear to be a kōan at all, but merely a story.
Not necessarily tied to philosophy, but in formal debates the sides agree on a proposition to make arguments about.	"Burden" is an artificial construct: a notion of a social responsibility.
If a statement is not provable an inconsistency or self-contradiction may or will develop that invalidates the system.	Should arrival at this point be the focus for examination of any system?
First of all, one needs to separate mathematical model from reality.	The question heading is understandable but I found the question body confusing.
I gave this a lot of thought a few years ago and came up with a test.	I take the Google quote to be a jab at Russia in terms of homosexuality.
I work in a quite technical field, that my wife knows nothing about.	I think the problem lies with the term "some concept".
No measurement from inside the observed system can be informationally complete.	Godel's theorem I would like to pause here to first precisely state and prove the Godel theorem properly.
The Question is (from Hinduism); do you exist because of pregnancy?	The least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and 'knowledge' to learn.
let's see - God made human and able to improve it, people made computers and can improve them too.	We do not yet know whether the brain is "understandable" in the sense that we accept now.
Marxist theory was developed in the 19th century by two German philosophers, Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels.	Yes, there does exist such a philosophical idea that radically changed the world in the twentieth century.
Are we anthropormising the world when we incorporate cause & effect into our understanding of how the world acts?	The question you're asking is the main reason Kant wrote the Critique of Pure Reason.
I don't know about Hinduism, but you jumped of the track right off the bat with Islam.	Point #1 - I only know a little about the Judeo-Christian-Islamic traditions that assume a moment of divine revelation.
Off the top of my head, I think it's better to look at the criteria you've proffered for identifying "God".	A good argument I have seen against the existence of a God is based on Occam's Razor.
The existence of different logics is interesting, but not particularly relevant, because of Gödel/Turing universality.	In today's mathematics, we have many variants of logic (propositional, first order, higher order, fuzzy logic, etc.).
First, you've got to be more specific about the "laws of physics".	The answer is yes, no and maybe - the answer being dependent on whether one takes an empirical or philosophical perspective.
Sophie's World by Jostein Gaarder polarises opinion as it is a history of philosophy wrapped up in a children's story.	If you like reading you must check out Copleston's A History of Philosophy.
"God is exactly this Substance underlying who supports, exist independently of, and persist through time changes in material nature.	I'd argue that matter and energy are substances in the category of empirical scientific knowledge.
I think that for an understanding Wittgenstein's "solution", you must take in account the original (historical) context.	Wittgenstein is alluding to how Russell himself solved the Paradox - the theory of ramified types.
This line of thought has a rich tradition in philosophy.	No, I don't think it is wise to see emotions and intelligence as algorithms.
Forget for a moment that you ever learned anything about so-called "complex" or "imaginary" numbers.	As others have already mentioned, numbers are of course abstractions.
The question of time is an incredibly difficult one, which has been treated of philosophers from Aristotle to Heidegger.	wikipedia, as much as it is a supposedly self correcting medium, is not necessarily a definitive account of anything.
What you are asking about is the nature of causality, which is one of the stickiest problems in philosophy.	In "ideal" conditions, for example (warm temperature, moist environment, bacterial presence, etc), mold will grow on bread.
Here is an example of philosophy helping a breakthrough in mathematics (in differential topology).	Do we expect musicians to have contributed to the state of the art of quantity surveying in the last 20 years?
Discussions about the contingency of mathematical properties should definitely consider the existence of Non-standard Models (see the related MathOverflow reference request).	It depends on how you describe a mathematical object, and what you call "a single" mathematical object.
Not all negative claims can be validly reformulated into positive claims.	I don't think the burden of proof is on positive or negative versions.
This is classic "Nature versus Nurture" debate, and if you study psychology you'll never hear enough of this.	Predestination: Religious arguments over predestination are useful here, along with more recent points about quantum mechanics and chaos theory.
Our greatest asset For comparison, basically, human and animal have similar purpose in life, those are, survival and enjoyment.	Cicero's Hortensius, though effectively lost to us, appears to have been an answer to this very question.
First, you must be using humanist in an idiosyncratic way.	If everyone can create "meaning" based on personal preference not some philosophical idea it will amount to contradiction.
Most contemporary philosophers would interrogate the concept of happiness, pain, and even "human nature".	From a survival prospective, it is clearly not necessary to be happy to survive.
I haven't read it myself, but I've heard good things about Delacampagne.	There is "Philosophy in the Twentieth Century" by Alfred Ayer which is quite good.
This is much more a biology/evolution question than a philosophy question.	The answer is for at least this domain of problem is that prices are quantised and not continuous.
People almost always have "rational explanations" for the things they do.	I don't think we can say anything about this case.
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.	Two components of just war theory come in to play when considering restrictions on liberty.
As I understand it, nothing that can be changed, or broken down into smaller parts is inherently real.	Our interactions are merely depends on where we put our perception.
Knowledge, of the kind you're asking about, I think, usually requires evidence and reasoning.	Suppose I flip a coin and don't look at it.
First, other sciences can have their concepts explained without math.	One way to think of mathematics is "the study of patterns"1.
This varies depending on which logical system you're working in.	A syntactic proposition can be evaluated to be correct or not semantically via truth tables.
"How objects are named" is something of a mystery to me.	The closest thing to the "study of naming objects" today, it seems, would be semiotics or semiology.
I can imagine a scenario where a single all powerful god create the universe that we know of.	It is the same idea as what Aristotle called the unmoved mover.
The similiarity between Kant's and Wittgenstein's trains of thought has been expounded before for sure.	The question seems to presuppose contemporary sources are the best way in to philosophy.
A more idiomatic paraphrase of ~(x)Bx is: not everything is a bird.	You've actually (perhaps unintentionally) asked a controversial question in the philosophy of logic.
On a temporary basis and as an ongoing personal philosophy selflessness is possible but a consistent selfless life is unsustainable.	Anything we do based on our thinking and our emotions.
This argument is about as sensible as saying that -1 is absurd because a negative apple doesn't and can't exist.	You overlook that human color experience is an overlay of the input of three color receptors.
If not, what is preventing "happiness" from being quantified, in principle?	We use zero to represent a piece of information: that is, that there is zero of some collection.
personally, i think u just identified one of philosophies greatest weakness, the lack of practical value.	Philosophy is one of many human endeavours to find a meaning in life, and universe, and so on.
Nothing is very difficult to conceptualise - we only approach it by analogy.	The principle of sufficient reason states that nothing is without  reason, but why are there  any contingent truths?
In Zen, validation occurs by recognition by a validated practitioner in a ceremony/event called Dharma Transmission.	Wikipedia does a good job of summarizing the four stages of enlightenment, which are stream-enterer, once-returner, non-returner, and arahant.
Interpreting infinity=0 mathematically is problematic for reasons that Niel de Beaudrap outlined.	Yes, there is at least one philosophical idea that addresses the uniqueness of Existence, infinity coming out from one (see e.g.
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.	There is not a single "philosophical angle" on this topic.
Please see "A Foray into the Worlds of Animals and Humans" with a theory of meaning by Jakob Von Uexkull.	Is it an acceptable idea that each individual carries their own model of reality in their mind?
So, I will tailor my response to your comment to ChaosAndOrder.	Modal logic is an extension of classic propositional and predicate logic that allows the use of modal operators.
From an atheist philosophical standpoint, how is existential contingency explained or accounted for?	My whole use of the word "dream" -- probably yours too!
Read the paper Friederich Nietzsche and the seduction of Occam’s razor by Danesh-Meyer, Helen V.Young, Julian, 2010.	I've begun seeing Ockham's razor as being a statement about cognition and learning, and not about the construction of reality.
Death penalty is a punishment, (in theory) reserved for the most heinous of crimes.	The way you stated your question, I'm not entirely clear what you are asking.
His theorem applies to the way the mind works as well.	There is no reason that Human can't create machines as powerful as themselves.
Zizek actually has touched this subject a couple of times.	I'd suggest that post-cold war Communism and Marxism no longer poses a threat, the Big Other is now Political Islam and/or terrorism.
Expanding upon Joseph's comment: Special relativity rules out the possibility of absolute simultaneity.	For simultaneous events in different spatial locations see other replies.
Download the reading Guide on logic books from http://www.logicmatters.net/students/tyl/ §1.2 gives recommendations for complete beginners.	This line of reasoning does contain the naturalistic fallacy: Monkeys are wild animals, and they live in the jungle.
You might try Carnap's famous (but often neglected) Der logische Aufbau der Welt (The Logical Structure of the World).	One fixed static universal language would probably run into issues illustrated by Berry paradox and similar paradoxes.
In Solipsism everyone else is a "philosophical zombie"; and all the time.	The Gödel–Cohen result establishes the independence of CH from ZF (with or without AC), not from any set theory whatsoever.
Time is a physical factor and the term used to capture this concept is the word 'TIME'.	So in the Sanskrit language the time is synonym of death.
will be supertrue (superfalse) iff under all (no) acceptable precisifications of the predicate "bald", the sentence comes out true.	Principle of Non-Contradiction:  "A proposition p and its negation ~p cannot be true together.
It seems that you are really asking what we mean by "rational".	Rational explanations follow from a specific set of axioms plus rules to go from step to step.
You may find in recent philosophical letters (e.g., Collapse, in particular vol.	Fear is not quite a lack of control, but more a lack of knowledge.
When I needed a travel tripod, I also opted for a Trekpod.	An alternative tripod that may serve your needs is the TrekPod.
I finally found one of the best astrophotography articles I've ever found on the net.	I am pretty new to the astrophotography scene but I have learned fairly quickly.
To answer your question, yes, this is a design issue.	In answer to another question of mine, Matt Grum left a couple links that describe focus shift.
Fast Picture Viewer has an extensive pack for the low price of $9.99 and it appears to cover them all.	Fast Picture Viewer is $9.99 and works just fine on 64-bit Windows 7 (I'm using it myself).
There are many compact cameras with underwater housings available from Canon and Olympus.	There are waterproof compacts that go to 10 meters, such as some of the Olympus Tough models.
Apart from aperture and focal length, depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance.	The wider your aperture, the smaller your focal depth will be.
I can't speak for Canon cams, but in the Nikon world generally one should stick with Nikon brand batteries.	One of the easiest choices is to buy brand name batteries.
When printed on a lens the f-stop is usually expressed as a ratio with a colon (i.e.	It refers to the maximum f-stop (which is defined as the ratio of focal length to effective aperture diameter).
The key is adding some specific tags every time you import.	I have a horrific naming scheme that renames based on EXIF taken date and the MD5 hash of the photo.
Some of the newer point and shoots do great in manual mode.	I found that when I switched to a DSLR from a point-and-shoot digital, the quality of my photos improved dramatically.
The interface between ACR and Photoshop has changed a couple of times over the years.	Adobe in their wisdom decided to force you to upgrade Photoshop if you splash out on a new camera model.
A more expensive option is a remote trigger like the wireless pocket wizards and the cable for your camera.	I am very happy with the Phottix Plato it is a wireless solution that is cost effective.
It is important to remember that RGB is an additive process, and CYMK is a subtractive process.	I'm not quite sure what you're asking, but I'll try and cover all the bases.
There's no simple rule of thumb due to the inhearent nonlinearity in the equations.	Depth of field formulas are indeed complex and nonlinear, but they still afford useful rules of thumb.
Although you could fix this problem in lightroom with reasonable results, you can fix it when taking the picture.	The old way of solving this problem, I mean before digital post-processing, was to apply foundation cosmetics on the model face.
Ken Rockwell claims, and I agree, that the D5000 in quiet mode is pretty darn quiet.	From what I've read and seen, I don't think there is any real significant difference between 1.5 and 1.6.
I used to think that blurring was one of those things that was impossible to recover from in post.	If the photo is blurred due to camera shake, you really don't have many options.
If you took a look at the image that your camera initially takes, you'd be disappointed in it.	I may be wrong, but I don't think that what you are looking for is feasible.
In my (admittedly limited) experience, in-lens stabilization (Nikon D90 + 18-200mm) works a lot better than in-body (Pentax K200D + 18-250mm).	Lenses are generally the most expensive part of photography equipment and likely to be kept longer than bodies.
For what it's worth, dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think.	There's no "right" way to do this, it's what works best for you.
You need to be embedding a color profile in you image, as also using a browser that supports color management.	In my experience, when the final production will be in sRGB, use that color profile from start to finish.
Firstly words, even technical terms, change meaning over time with usage.	The only construction-agnostic term would be long lens to compliment the other lens classes: wideangle and normal.
I have a few Nikon lenses, and a Sigma 10-20mm for super-wide shots.	If your interest is primarily the optics, you need to look at individual lenses, not brands as a whole.
If you are looking for something that really won't move, I do recall of the Cotton Carrier line of products.	+1 for the Black Rapid series - I have one of those myself.
I have found there is no single best way to increase size.	There are a very wide variety of solutions for resizing and sharpening images for use on the web.
The smaller the camera sensor size, the higher the crop factor, and thus the higher the effective focal length.	The greatest zoom range of any camera is the Canon Powershot SX30 IS.
Use a large aperture (small F number) when you take a photo.	Apart from aperture and focal length, depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance.
You need either to remove the offending light or supply much more additional light to wash out the reflection.	You can't remove the reflections, but you can change what gets reflected.
I simply got a refurbished older model point and shoot for my 5 year old.	It will really depend on how mature your kid is.
Bokeh is a bit like evaluating wine, there's some technical evaluation and some subjective evaluation of it.	The areas which are out of focus are blurred in a shape matching that of the lens opening.
Cleaning the glass is a great suggestion, however, even with clean glass you have a few more issues.	I can't speak directly to aquariums, however I've done shots at zoo's before.
A Canon at 300ppi, you have the same tonal range as an Epson at 288ppi.	Emprical Study: Extreme digital upscaling For all of the theory above, thats all it currently is...theory.
It simply means there are lots of pixels in your photograph at that brightness level.	If the histogram shows everything bunched up at one end, then have either a very dark or very light image.
Shutter priority for shots that I want to control how much the action is frozen or blurred (panning).	I have my camera on P by default and switch to aperture priority when I care about depth of field.
I've used Paint Shop Pro and DxO Optics Pro on Windows.	In Linux I use Bibble, which is has some warts but which is the only serious option AFAICT.
The only construction-agnostic term would be long lens to compliment the other lens classes: wideangle and normal.	Well, to use Wikipedia as well, it would appear that the options are telephoto and long focus lenses.
Apart from dpreview.com, you can use Snapsort if you'd like something more flashy.	I'll second dpreview, they have very comprehensive reviews and as mentioned, the side-by-side comparisons are excellent.
A class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for HD (1080) video for the 550D (48 MBit).	Some cards are too slow to accept an HD stream, so you need one that is fast enough.
Bear in mind that the aperture will usually have to be set manually too.	Apart from aperture and focal length, depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance.
They could, on the other hand, more easily extend their own RAW format(s).	There is something particularly conceptually wrong with throwing away the stuff that comes out of your camera.
Personally, I just guess, take a shot and look at my histogram and tweak as needed.	Its not linear, its a square,  so if you double the distance, you need 4 times the light.
Aside from the better quality of the EF-S 10-22mm lens, it offers a significantly wider angle of view.	The 10-22mm lens is the perfect complimentary to the 18-55mm when it comes to nature and small room photography.
Bibble Pro is a cross-platform program similar to Lightroom and Aperture.	There is UFRaw, which is based on dcraw and can be integrated with GIMP.
Here are many samples: Pbase.com Out of the 16k photos there, I'm sure some are with a d700.	It's a 1:1 lens, so that means that the size of the subject will be the same size on the sensor.
There are literally dozens of tripods that can handle more than two pounds.	In general it is difficult to satisfy those 3 important properties at the same time: light weight, sturdiness, and cheap.
The one clear benefit of digital that I see is the ability to emulate color filters in software.	The most obvious, and most distinct, difference will be cost.
I second the approach of a standalone GPS Tracker and then using some software to sync it into your metadata.	Canon's official method is to use a gps unit with their Wireless File Transfer accessories.
I would thoroughly recommend a read of Trey Ratcliff's excellent HDR tutorial.	The short answer is no it's not possible to create an HDR image from a single raw file.
Depends on your budget obviously, but some cameras have dual card slots and can write identical files to both.	How about using an Apple iPad with the Camera Connection Kit accessory.
I believe you're out of luck with IE, though perhaps that may get corrected in IE 9.	Unfortunately, there is nothing you can do that is practical.
Same here, I've the 50mm f/1.4, and as my fastest lens I couldn't live without it for concerts and low-light photography.	I have the 18-55, 50/1.8 and 50/1.4 as well as the 20D - superseded by a 50D.
I use Elinchrom Skyports, but if money is not an issue then go for PocketWizards.	Or just go with the ultra-cheap YongNuo RF-602, which give you a lot of bang for the buck.
I had good luck switching the image into LAB mode, then adjusting the luminance layer only.	You can use fill light and reduced contrast to lift the shadows.
The short answer is that yes, you can do this.	Speaking from my own experience, I would rather carry different ND filters that combine two polarisers.
There is no set rule for this; it all depends what you want to photograph.	A lot of the recommended sizes for different image types (2:3, 4:5) are based on the availability/cost of printing in those sizes.
Well, I've searched for this for a good long while.	There is some discussion on Flickr here APS: Advanced Photo System.
Dodge and Burn normally applies when you want to change the relative exposure of part of an image.	I like the way a burning vignette produces a more realistic result as opposed to a simple "fade to black".
I'd go with the SD 1300, just check if you mother-in-law feels comfortable with its size.	It's very hard to buy a bad point-and-shoot at the moment.
Photoshop Elements is $99 and is very close to Photoshop in terms of features for photographers but much cheaper.	The wider your aperture, the smaller your focal depth will be.
The most important fact - which is buried in one of the previous responses - is focus speed.	Stabilization is primarily intended to help when your shutter speed is less than the reciprocal of your focal length.
To follow up on Genius' reply, DP Review had a Waterproof Camera Group Test last year.	I got my young daughter a cheap Olympus Stylus Tough 6000.
They could, on the other hand, more easily extend their own RAW format(s).	Another advantage is that the manufacturer's raw files are better supported by post-processing software.
Chinon CEII that My Dad gave me as a student.	A Nikon EM, sort of a point-and-shoot beginner's SLR, that I got in high school (way back when ... mid 80s?).
Nick Miners.com Nick is a friend of mine who posts articles on his blog covering a range of photography topics.	Chase Jarvis is an excellent resource for pro behind-the-scenes stuff, lots of excellent material available as a podcast.
I don't know about nikon, but I did the same thing on the Canon side.	I believe that the 70-200 accepts a few specific 1.4x TCs quite well.
The terminology is usually called "Destructive vs Non Destructive" editing.	Lossless / nondestructive edits are reversible and would entail transforming and/or appending the data in a way that could be reversed.
Use a high speed page feed scanner like the DR-2010C from Canon.	Another suggestion: wait until you have money to throw at the problem.
You can use free, open-source utility Exiftool to extract the metadata from the JPG files.	Why not stop using JPEG images and use RAW exclusively?
Two things need to be considered here: focusing speed and adequate sensitivity to light to achieve a fast shutter speed.	Often a faster lens will be sharper even at the same aperture as a cheaper lens.
I think this is an example of: use the opportunities you have, rather than the ones you wish you had.	Polarizers and neutral density filters will go a long way to help this, but they are not a panacea.
There's really only one thing you need to memorize and it's easy: a list of standard f-stops in graduations of one f-stop (1, 1.4, 2, 2.8, 4, 5.6, 8, 11, 16, 22, 32, 45, 64, 90).	For the exposure, you can try an analog light-meter, like the Gossen Lunasix.
I upgraded from 400D to 7D and things just got sharper (and you should expect the same).	It has to do with the sensor size - large sensors require correspondingly larger lenses.
Reid is right - that VR does not help at all in stopping motion.	Completely agree with Reid... in this situation a fast prime is the way to go.
In short: you can enlarge it as much as you like.	That all depends on the viewing distance, and, to a lesser degree the brand, age and speed of the film.
If you can find a used 7d I'd jump on it, but chances are, you won't at a price oyu'll like.	"Background compression" is part of how we perceive perspective in a photograph.
There are numerous kinds of optical abberations that you may encounter with a lens.	I'm trying to write down a more photographer oriented answer.
Sometimes the amount of exposure compensation available (ie +/- 2 stops) in Aperture priority mode might simply not be enough.	Manual mode can give you more consistent metering when you're taking several photos in a scene.
The camera will only ever do a "quick format" as there is a limit on read/write operations on flash memory.	I format my card every time I stick it in my camera and start a shoot.
I have the 35mm 1.8 and the 50mm 1.4 - and for people wanting thier 1st fixed prime I always point them at the 35mm 1.8 1st.	Only when we consider all these factors do we come up with a 'normal' focal length value of about 50mm.
For what it's worth, dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think.	Regular dish washing fluid is great for removing grease, as it not only dissolves it but also binds it.
Polarizers do block light, as they are designed to filter out light coming from certain directions.	Aside from focal length, the most important thing to consider is the maximum aperture of the lens.
If you're not feeling the limitations of your point-and-shoot camera, then you probably don't need a DSLR.	They aren't better per se; They just tend to allow greater artistic control over the result.
If you are a member of Costco, their prints are great.	They're not the cheapest, but the quality is superb, so I'm a fan of WHCC.
I don't bracket with digital unless I'm blending multiple exposures to get greater dynamic range.	I highly recommend building into your gestalt a certain bat sense about when to use bracketing.
Definitely shoot in AV (aperture value) mode and vary the shutter speed!	Well part of sunset photography IS luck with the elements.
I know you asked for free stuff, however given that I whole-heartedly agree with Reid about how valuable your time is.	Pisca provides basic photo editing tools (crop and colour and level adjustments) as well as good EXIF tagging.
Large-format cameras are very much worth buying used; they're often extremely well-cared-for, if not coddled.	If I had to pick, Linhof would be my choice.
Basically, you must understand three settings: Film speed, aperture size, shutter speed.	The best way to learn is to start photographing more — both for the basics and for more advanced photography.
Most dancefloor lights are tungsten, so unless you're using flash you should be okay with that.	I shoot in raw on auto-wb, and then adjust to taste in the raw processor.
Adobe Photoshop Elements is actually a pretty good package these days.	There are quite a few alternatives, depending somewhat on what you're after.
The exposure settings to stop moving objects depends entirely on how fast the objects are traversing your frame.	Most important:  put your camera down for a while and make a snowman!
First of all, what you have is probably mirror pre-fire rather than a true mirror lockup.	Mirror lockup is used to reduce vibrations with longer exposures.
If you're primarily interested in video, the Nikon option offers 1080p and 24 frames per second with autofocus.	I'd recommend reading an article from Philip Bloom, a professional filmmaker who uses DSLRs on a daily basis.
If the photo is blurred due to camera shake, you really don't have many options.	Well as nobody has posted anything yet I thought I'd cheekily point you in the direction of my own blog.
Anil, there certainly is a difference in results, mainly in image quality.	If you want to learn photography, almost any camera will do to start with.
I just found a page that has some information about this.	Hold your camera close to your body... stand with your elbows bent and your arms against your sides.
Most digital cameras use a 10 to 14-bit A/D converter, and so their theoretical maximum dynamic range is 10-14 stops.	There is an easy trick: "measure" for yourself: take your camera.
Understanding Exposure by Bryan Peterson is a great and easy to read book that covers these topics.	If you own Adobe Photoshop, you should get "The Photoshop Book for Digital Photographers", also by Kelby.
Freezing motion generally requires one, maybe two things: fast shutter speed, and flash at the right time.	In addition to @Pearsonartphoto's answer, you can use flash (either the built-in or better yet, an extarnal) to freeze the motion.
I'm a bit biased, but you might find my site, Snapsort useful.	Pogue on the Canon s95: http://pogue.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/10/28/a-love-letter-to-a-camera/ I think he likes it.
The answer is No, since Russia is one of the five permanent members of the Security Council.	There's no such thing as misuse of the veto right in the Security Council.
Federal DOMA does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution.	DOMA as a congressional statute could not violate the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the Constitution.
Public employees can unionize because the law allows them to.	The legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described.
There are two challenges to online voting which can be seen as well technological as cultural.	The largest barrier to online voting is ensuring that fraud does not occur.
The U.S. appears to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reasons in no particular order.	There are three main factors that drive the low shadow economy in the US.
The United States has had a constant 435 members in the House of Representatives since the Reapportionment Act of 1929.	Analysing the number of representatives in various countries, that number is in no direct proportion to the countries' population.
Leaving aside heath care angle, you are working from a flawed premise that waging war doesn't save lives.	Healthcare They would probably reject your implied claim that Obama's healthcare law will save lives.
The following is a synopsis and explanation of common beliefs the Libertarian free market philosophy.	Even the largest corporations (e.g., Walmart) are subject to competition, which is a key component of the libertarian philosophy.
"opportunities for the people to control their leaders and to oust them without the need for a revolution".	As they contribute to the federal budget they do also receive help from it.
The president is not really all that important for German people.	The function of the german president is almost just representative.
Executive orders are not permanent, they exist at the will of the president and can be changed at any time.	Congress tends to pass bills with language explicitly giving the president discretion over certain matters.
There are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question, which explain the seeming contradiction.	First, I think you do mean the Republican Party and not conservatism.
In a "first-past-the-post" system, it is difficult to sustain more than two parties.	While the 'first-past-the-post system favours two parties, it certainly doesn't guarantee the marginalization of third parties.
Great Britain is used to formally refer to the UK (including Northern Ireland) in a number of international associations.	People use Great Britain, at least in my encounters, to talk about England proper (i.e.
Most democratic countries have a written constitution, but it's not a requirement.	No, there are some that have none, but they are pretty rare.
The legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described.	Public sector employees can currently unionize because President John F. Kennedy signed Executive Order  10988.
Over time, Parliament (the Lords and Commons) took more and more power from the monarch.	The checks and balances of the UK parliamentary system are very different from the US, but they do exist.
They WERE called "freedom fighters" in the West through 1980s when they were fighting the USSR.	They are called "terrorists" because they engage in what is commongly understood to be acts of terrorism.
Legal case information is generally easy to come by if you poke around a bit.	They are called "terrorists" because they engage in what is commongly understood to be acts of terrorism.
The part of economics that is most like physics is called microeconomics.	Side note first: I don't think that physicists always agree on their theories and predictions.
Yes it is technically possible that a BUK system shot down the plane.	This is a VICE news clip of a Ukrainian military AN-26 transport shot down a few days before MH-17.
"Teabagging" is when a male dips his scrotum upon another person's face as an insult.	"Teabagger" is yet another shining example of "civil discourse" by left wingers in America.
Some lobbying comes in the form of giving campaign contributions to politicians.	The problem with the lobbying is that people choose their representatives to represent the interests of the voters.
Being left or right were obvious when being right was being for monarchy and being left was being for republic.	The crisis is one of the biggest fact that have increased the nationalisms in the politic field.
tl;dr: If non-dictatorial communist societies existed, then not for long.	The democratic election of Communist Salvador Allende in Chile in 1970 represented an "experiment" in democratic Communism.
Simply, it was not well thought out, and the "unintended consequences" are now revealing themselves.	This answer is based on the response in the comment clarifying the question.
Let me share my opinion as Ukrainian citizen, from Kharkiv, eastern Ukraine.	I am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems.
Nowhere does it say that a naturalized citizen has the same privileges as a natural-born citizen.	The 14th Amendment extends equal protection to all citizens, natural born or naturalized, so that no state can abridge their rights.
Most people want not only to be WELL off, but to become BETTER off as time goes by.	To start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
When having discussions on Anarchist/Anarcho-capitalist forums, I've come across this issue a couple times.	In an Anarchy, quarreling parties would be unrestricted to come to a lawful agreement.
First, They already have, that is part of the reason for the conflict in the first place.	In addition to all the OTHER answers, another reason is the sheer difficulty.
The Vice President is elected because it is constitutionally required, as per the 12th amendment.	The original conception of the US presidency was very different than it is today.
So do they basically stop paying their vendors such as the electric company or rent on buildings?	What money are the using to pay down the debt?
I'm not yet able to answer if the phenomenon has an official PoliSci name.	There are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question, which explain the seeming contradiction.
Let me make something incredibly clear up front: While I come across as rather angry, I'm not.	It's a mixed / hybrid goverment, integrating elements from almost every one of the basic forms of government.
These are generically called nomination rules; the US calls them ballot access rules.	In the originally-envisioned system, Presidential electors are appointed by the states; the states decide how those electors are chosen.
No, nothing in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act grants the President transitional authority.	There is always "transitional authority" by virtue of the writing of regulations.
Federal DOMA does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution.	Congress does not have to currently justify the laws it passes.
Both of your bullet points are correct, and both are wrong.	The democratic election of Communist Salvador Allende in Chile in 1970 represented an "experiment" in democratic Communism.
In German, the term "Nahost" or "Naher Osten" (near East) are in common use.	The term Far East usually refers to East Asia, including Mongolia, China, Korea, Japan, and Southeast Asia.
In Lebanon (and in some other places) 'Christian' is as much an ethnic and cultural as a religious designation.	Christians and muslims in Lebanon both are separated internally in their political point of view toward Syria.
While these criteria are normative, there are solidly defended norms out there for these meanings.	During the French revolution the most radical politics were sitting on left site, the most conservative on the right.
Wikipedia has a short list of articles about LGBT groups and individuals opposed to same-sex marriage.	Wikipedia has a good breakdown of the different flavors of this argument in this article.
Some of the gap could be attributed to social issues, but that may not account for the entire gap.	Biology In the modern Western world, males have a lower life expectancy for two important biological reasons.
One has to separate out two elements of this - first is 'voter' and second is the difference between 'knowledge' and 'interest'.	Congress tends to pass bills with language explicitly giving the president discretion over certain matters.
The Jerusalem is a holy place for both Muslims and Jews.	You are correct that the Israeli-Arab conflict has not resulted in nearly so much death as ongoing conflicts in Africa.
Equality is widely accepted because it can mean so many different things to so many people.	Many times we judge the plausibility of a theory based on it's outcomes.
After posting this question, I received the February 1st - 7th edition of the Economist.	There have been several studies, most of which have found no movement in class mobility over the past several decades.
I think the best way address your question(s) is by using a legal analysis.	"To put it succinctly, Hamas is using its own citizens in the Gaza strip as shields.
The word "libertarianism" was essentially invented because classical liberals felt that the word had become expropriated.	First of all, as usual in politics, you got definition confusions galore.
I would rather have added this as comments to the question and to NL7 answer but do not have the reputation..	This touches on a foundational question of political philosophy and international relations: peace & trade versus war & plunder.
Probably the best measure of a candidates ideology is the DW NOMINATE score.	As he's a member of the Republican party, that'd make him a Republican.
What troubles most people about same-sex and sibling marriages is their likely impact on childbearing.	I think the best way address your question(s) is by using a legal analysis.
One result, perhaps unintended of the split between the Senate and the House is that they have rather different constituencies.	The U.S. Congress didn't actually start out bicameral; the original Articles of Confederation (the pre-Constitution) had a single house.
The holocaust took place to some extent within Germany, and German Jews/gypsies/homosexuals were taken to extermination camps.	An important factor is the posture of German versus Japanese leaders.
Well when it comes to a Developing Country there wouldn't be a huge impact.	I would like to share a link to League of Nations as an example.
Russian Federal Law is actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argued.	The last round of presidential elections in Russia was held on March 4th, 2012 and December 4th, 2011 for the Duma.
When having discussions on Anarchist/Anarcho-capitalist forums, I've come across this issue a couple times.	I often like to point to the workers councils of Hungary in October–December 1956 as a "pre-figurative" form of life without a state.
To make a tactical vote, you need an estimate how much votes each candidate is probably going to get.	Let us first ask what are the implications of tactical voting?
This question has already been widely discussed and answered on Skeptics.	Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.
According to Shia Muslims specially Iran state and Hezbollah a country called Israel does not exist.	As with the definition of Palestine, the definition of Israel varies depending on whom you ask.
Whenever you hear about "politicians receiving money from corporations" It almost always refers to campaign contributions rather than personal gifts.	The justification is likely personal and wide ranging across the political spectrum.
You are asking a fairly broad question, so I need to tackle a few points before answer it directly.	Basic Income is often held up as the method to deal with widespread unemployment as a result of mass automation.
They do it for the same reason why some stadiums sell their good tickets by lottery.	At least in the case of H1-B visas, the annual quota is typically exhausted within a week.
I disagree that there's "no other choice" than to be funded by public organizations.	I wish to provide an answer with a concrete example of why funding pure mathematics is a fruitful endeavor.
I am from Hungary and I looked for hungarian source of Poland, polish and other keywords on Jobbik website.	All translations mistakes are mine, so don't judge the sources based on possibly poor use of English.
The Federal Reserve has been conducting Open Market Operations for many decades; the law was passed in 1913.	Can the Fed choose not to claim securities that they are holding, that are due?
In the election of 1872, Grant easily beat Horace Greely, 286 to what would have been 66 votes for Greely.	It's essentially a remnant from a time when the U.S. political system worked differently.
Both of your bullet points are correct, and both are wrong.	It's not possible to be politically neutral, though one should always strive to be objective.
In theory, that would be the case if all workers were equal.	Total Expense 8000 After limit company has 100 workers making 10/hour for 6 hours producing 700 units.
Border Issue: There is certainly a border issue between India and Bangladesh.	Ultimately, the answer is that the Archivist of the United States gets to decide what "ratified" means.
As you see, the answers and comments here also contradict each other.	There were absolutely no articles, blogs, or studies that I could find that suggested causation at all.
Most political ideologies are in favor of restricting the behavior and thoughts of just about everybody, young and old.	Legal drinking age of 21 is quite extreme of USA, compared with legal age for having sex as little as 15 AFAIK.
As Michael WS points out, a 'first past the post' system (which the US has) encourages a two party system.	The two party system is reflective of our system of voting.
"Teabagger" is yet another shining example of "civil discourse" by left wingers in America.	(I'll try and post a less overtly biased and editorialized answer.
Many countries significantly reduced their debt by defaulting on it.	One of the provisions that the US made under the Articles of Confederation was the Land Ordinance of 1785.
In short, you can't because the Supreme Court has recognized the Right to Lie.	As much as I'm for honesty, such a system would probably be untenable.
The government can't force a business to act, but they can punish them for not acting.	Simply put, this is exactly the question that Elaine Photography is going to decide.
The reason it changed is the term "liberal," suffered too much damage to it's brand, particularly during the years Pres.	Liberal: using existing laws and government to do good for everyone.
The entire social contract tradition on which most modern forms of government are based depends on equality of certain rights.	Many times we judge the plausibility of a theory based on it's outcomes.
At a very simple level, the answer is that not all rights are financial.	I see only benefits of such a system without any major drawbacks in the long run.
Crimea is a very fertile agricultural region, and is often seen as a vacation spot for Russians.	A good example of what you are looking for is from the City & County of San Francisco.
Your forgetting the most dangerous criminals, the trained professionals, the law enforcement officers.	Police aren't omnipresent, and you can't just instantly summon them upon demand.
Because there are more effective ways for Her Majesty to change or veto laws.	They do not veto laws because nobody will ever adopt a law which is contrary to the expressed queen's will.
Absolute majority always defined by the institution, or the context.	In countries like India, when you have 2/3 of the seats of all parliament, you have absolute majority.
Hospitals are legally bound to stabilize a patient, but that is all; so many life-saving operations still will not be performed.	The first statement is largely true, and the second one is largely false.
The French constitution of 1946 (Fourth Republic) established proportional representation (at the level of each departement).	I'm not quite sure what the question here is, but I'll give it a shot.
Inflation is caused by money supply growing faster than the rate of economic growth.	The standard terms of left and right politics originate from the seating arrangement of the French National Assembly of 1789.
Professor Burkhauser has done extensive research on who is hurt by higher minimum wages.	Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.
The Nazi party was called Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei (National Socialist German Workers' Party).	I think this question illustrates that a simple division of politics in left and right is an oversimplification.
Well, there is distinction between extremist party and an anti-democratic party.	The democracy is based on the principle of the freedom of expressing one's thoughts, both individually and in groups.
In Massachusetts, you walk into the polling place and state a name and home address belonging to a registered voter.	How do states without Voter ID laws ensure that people are who they say they are?
In a roundabout way, there's some truth to that statement, though it's a bit more nuanced than that.	What your friend told you likely stems from comments made by our current Attorney Genrral, Eric Holder.
The democratic election of Communist Salvador Allende in Chile in 1970 represented an "experiment" in democratic Communism.	It's not possible to be politically neutral, though one should always strive to be objective.
The University constituencies are modelled on the University constituencies in use in Britain in 1922 when Ireland became independent.	This is still a representational form of gov't, but with a unique twist.
In the age of Empire, these were totally different things.	These terms seem to be used interchangably - by whom and where?
There are conflicting philosophies and approaches to this (and frankly, no good or clear answer).	Trying to look at 'all of humanity' or 'what's best for Germany' aren't useful questions.
The government can't force a business to act, but they can punish them for not acting.	The rights / protected classes you are talking about are equal protection issues, which fall under the 14th Amendment.
This question can only be answered within a theoretical context.	Basically Electoral institutes are responsible for conducting the polls as per the present rule and regulations.
One argument sometimes made against federally recognized civil unions by anti-gay-marriage side is actually purely political.	The problem is that there's no free dinner and someone pays for those benefits (see http://www.expatica.com/de/finance_business/tax/-Tax-saving-possibilities-for-employees-in-Germany_17099.html for example).
Before you want to start the study of a subject, figure out what you want to achieve.	As Eugene suggests, try to figure out what you want to achieve.
Inbox Zero means what it says: nothing what so ever is left in your in box.	It means nothing in the inbox is on your mind.
I would suggest starting from ActiveInbox (used to be GTDInbox) and see whether that fully covers your needs.	I'd suggest using Gmail's integrated task manager (Google Tasks) rather than labels.
To me, the effectiveness of my system relates to my long, mid-range, and short term goals.	Try to look at existing time management systems rather than starting from scratch and trying to reinvent the wheel.
Eclipse Below are list of eclipse shortcuts which I use almost everyday.	To train yourself to use keyboard shortcuts, unplug your mouse for a few days.
As others have mentioned, the iRobot Roomba is an excellent example of a household robot which does meaningful work.	I've been happy with the iRobot Roomba for floor cleaning.
Thinking on your feet is an essential skill for combat soldiers.	Mostly it's about getting over your fear of answering incorrectly.
The important thing I try to remember is just to pay attention.	I have been reading on this topic since I have asked this question.
I think just the typical kitchen timer is the best investment you can get (for a physical device).	I purchased a timer at Bed Bath & Beyond that has three separate timers and an overall timer/clock.
There are several ways to tackle this and it partly depends on the system you're using.	Under GTD, you need to think whether that's actually an action or a (mini-)project.
Use a firm sturdy chair like a kitchen table chair instead of an office chair.	Buy a knee chair or one of these large balls to sit on.
The Pomodoro Technique was developed by Francesco Cirillo and is aimed at establishing a standard to measure productivity.	Stephen Covey, although also considered a management guru, is definitely one of the most well-known and sold personal productivity authors.
After your meeting, try to find a picture of them on the internet.	With any activity that you would like to make routine, there are three things you need to know.
I think the hesitation comes from the fear that you will not be productive during the session.	I get started by telling myself that I do not intend to finish whatever I'm sitting down to work on.
There is not really anything you can do besides being a witness; just try to get over it.	I have not noticed my other family members having the same degree of sensitivity.
I've learned over the years that Association is the key!	I have a Nook Color and I think it is GREAT!!!!!!
I've found that usually when I'm being introverted or quiet it's because I'm thinking mostly about myself.	I think it's better to forget you're an introvert or the word introvert.
I think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this.	One general key to not feeling dejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others.
You're right, someday/maybe vs actionable is an artificial distinction that induces mental resistance during the classification process.	Someday/Maybe items are things that you can't or don't need to do right now.
What folders you need depends a bit on your email client's capabilities, and how you want to work.	Just your inbox and one other folder for holding emails until they are to be acted upon.
What I do is wake up early (around 6) and run for a while.	Note that there are many medical reasons that could be the cause of excessive sleeping and extreme fatigue.
A quick research (1, 2) showed me that the concentration of caffeine seems to peak about 30-60mins after ingestion.	The issue is that it never becomes useful in its true meaning.
So consider the idea that it might be your body trying to tell you something...	Your mention of the weather changes brings two thoughts to mind.
Here's a technique  I've developed without being aware of it: Multiple Browsers.	I agree with others that tracking your time is fundamental to the solution.
Try Any.Do, apart from everything you want, it also has the ability to drag and drop tasks to organize them.	Try Wunderlist - it's got all of the features you're asking.
I have a standing/sitting desk at work and really like it.	As mentioned by other responders, it turns out that using a standing desk isn't necessarily a perfect solution.
I used to struggle with the same desires for adventure, novelty and risk-taking.	You should break you comfort zone, if you wanna try something new.
Even though the question has been answered I would like to add my answer .	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.
The second option is more realistic unless the book doesn't have many pages.	Actually, David Allen defines a tasks as to long/complex when your can't motivate yourself for that task.
I get started by telling myself that I do not intend to finish whatever I'm sitting down to work on.	This has to do with having discipline to do something everyday.
I think this is a more sophisticated version of the questions we often get on gamification.	A nice article on flow in the workplace: http://www.fastcompany.com/53713/art-work It's not easy, though.
when I am pretty excited about learning the stuff) I sit down for studying I find myself browsing irrelevant websites!	If you're reading books on programming, of course you'll get bored!
Bento can handle relationships, but I don't think it can do what you're asking it to do.	You want the closest thing to Bento, running on Windows (or Linux) ... FileMaker Pro?
The thing I like about Evernote is that this is all they do (for now).	Google keep is only Android and web, as far as I know.
Structured procrastination gives some amazing tipps to trick yourself into doing something.	One of the great ways when working on large tasks is to break it in manageable bits.
The #1 skill as all of us "intermediate" and "advanced" users know, is how to web search properly.	This may be kind of out of point but I felt you might need this advice.
The main app I use specifically for this is Daytum.	Massive ulterior motive alert but this sounds perfect for Beeminder.
By definition productivity is measured by calculating the total output per unit of total input.	The Pomodoro Technique consists basically in working continuously in blocks of time, which are usually predetermined in 25 minutes.
Let's Do This is the simplest, easiest, and best looking way to manage your daily to do list.	I use one called Weave, and I found it very helpful.
Your brain is already beginning to wind down as you see the end in sight.	I'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation.
Try Anki : http://ankisrs.net/ I hope it is the software you need.	I recently found an app called Memonote that is definitely worth looking at.
Stephen Covey speaks about this topic in his book "Seven habits of highly effective people", in the chapter "Be proactive".	Don't pressurize yourself to stop the emotions immediately, be easy with them.
I think the answer from Brian almost says it all.	It takes me a while to get somethings that others get quickly.
Wisdom says broken heart is cured by another heart -- a new love definitely gets you over break-ups.	3 years that is quite some time, but throw away everything that reminds you of her.
I have been there too and I have managed to solve these issues by taking away the origin.	The language you are using appears to me to be limiting your choices.
To stick with the traditional pomodoro technique this is considered an interruption.	There is actually functionality in most browsers already in place to do just this.
Some years ago I read that one standard deviation in IQ (~15 IQ points) increased productivity by 1.6 times.	I may have found some weak evidence that they are negatively correlated.
Try to apply what you learn by implementing a small project, don't just read.	I'd recommend looking into "The First 20 Hours" by Josh Kaufman.
I'm going to be very short: you should set a singular purpose (goal) for yourself.	I'm asking for some resources (books, websites, etc) or personal advice that would help me overcome this situation.
I'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation.	You are incorrect when you say these aren't "important" when in reality it is important since it annoys you.
I find that a good strong espresso will give me a buzz within a few minutes.	A quick research (1, 2) showed me that the concentration of caffeine seems to peak about 30-60mins after ingestion.
I tried listening to music also, but after some time your ears get hurt and that's disturbing.	From my experience the noise-cancelling headphones will not work for longer periods.
Self-discipline is good to a certain degree, but overdoing it can be counter-productive.	I'm assuming you finish your share of work before starting any entertaining activity.
I think 90 days is the absolute most you can plan out in a single time period.	Definitely plan a month ahead - it's totally OK for your plans to change - just amend them as they do.
I bought "Typequick" and set aside a practice time everyday for about a month.	Just do a lot of programming and you'll pick it up over time.
Mendeley is a free alternative to Evernote (but they also have a Pro plan for more features).	I would suggest using  Zotero, I created a Zotero folder "to-read" to pile up the pending papers.
What you really need is a long term goal, not a morning routine.	This will be your cue to start the difficult part.
I recently read that a simple short-term change of the environment you work in actually helps to revive your energy.	Sometimes you do just need to switch off and do something else.
This may not be the software that your looking for but this has the functionality that you need.	Assistant Professor Matt Might recommends using separate devices for those activities that do not directly contribute to work.
The user needs to evaluate for his/herself the cost/benefit of an "obvious" efficiency tool, such as macros.	Instead of trying to force specific answers or method's on them.
I study in a university and live in its hostel.	Another alternative is to take notes on what you are reading.
So do you have a procrastination or an energy problem?	I also like GTD, but the name can be a bit misleading.
Slightly funny but the internet meme "Asian Father" could be a satirical example.	Name: Santa Claus Job position: CEO of a secret NGO belived to be somewhere near North Pole.
Prioritization and keeping distractions away are good but these are not the key abilities.	Give yourself a time limit during which it is forbidden to do anything else.
Our body's sleep patterns respond to light by production of serotonin and melatonin.	I have to agree with pretty much all the above, but it mostly comes down to what your limits are.
I like the previous answers regarding setting a schedule and fulfilling the rituals of going to a job.	Buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleeping area.
I'd start by reading David Allen's book: Getting Things Done.	I'm considering spending the $48 per month on the GTD (Getting things done) system advertised by David Allen.
Your objective is to find someone who wants to buy your products.	The action that your employer is asking you to take is completely within the normal duties in your sector.
The best way to clear your head after a study session is by taking on a vigorous physical exercise (min.	What works for me is to switch the subjects and take frequent breaks.
I disagree with Josh Bruce on some of his tips.	Research does indicate that sleeping after studying is a pretty good rule-of-thumb.
Currently I've got a fairly close to purely digital GTD setup, although this could do with some refinements and tweaks.	My GTD system is effectively 100 percent electronic--as described in detail here.
Part of the answer, at least, is that some people just can't do it.	As a software developer myself, I am doing this right now.
First of all, if you are not familiar with GTD, I'd encourage you to read up on the literature.	I suggest looking into the book "The Now Habit" by Neil Fiore.
Simplest way ... Our brain has to be use too with any thing around the world.	You might enjoy the book Pragmatic Thinking and Learning: Refactoring Your Wetware by Andy Hunt.
Feel the fear... And do it anyway The book recommends to feel the fear.	13 Tips To Face Your Fear and Enjoy the Ride seems interesting.
RTM is simply ninja for implementing a tickler file, so if you use Remember the Milk you're all set.	I use two methods, depending on whether the thing I'm being tickled about is part of a project or stand-alone.
I use a trackball mouse controlled by thumb, so my experience may be different.	I used a Kensington Pro Mouse ($120 at the time) for about 8 years until it croaked a few months ago.
Every human being has an observation skill and they can improve it with time.	I am adding another answer as I stumbled today across a quite contrasting opinion.
I can speak from my current situation that people are, without question, more productive when a window view is available.	I think your issue is calling out for some type of breathing exercise or meditation.
Personally I use mindmapping technique in order to summarize/outline/remember every topic I deal with.	You could consider exploring what are the ways things tend to stick for you.
Earplugs will muffle a good portion of sound if it is around normal voice level.	Make her a deal where you throw away the TV but she gets something else in return.
I've been suffering the same problem for the last few years without realizing it.	You've got to find what you love - I'm borrowing this opinion by someone who was very successful, Steve Jobs.
For me, it also works to start with easy to achieve goals, like: focus on specific task for 10 minutes.	This reminds me the Penn&Teller episode on 12 step programs.
I've recently bought two sit/stand Galant tables from IKEA and I'm quite happy with them.	http://www.varidesk.com/ There is also the hand-made/DIY version for which you could obtain design templates for.
So, in another words, how can get into a state of concentration, faster.	A long term solution is to increase the interest in the subject you want to flow with.
Dou you really want these kind of people in your team?	I think it was Fiore in "The Now Habit" that talked about so-called "positive" effects that end up reinforcing procrastination.
So how do you improve your productivity as a programmer?	http://www.topcoder.com - This is a good site to understand where we stand as developers.
Needing multiple levels of tasks seem more like project management.	Wunderlist has local programs and a web only version that also has apps available (iOS and Android).
Co-founders are already given lots of incentives in the form of money and acknowledgement.	It sounds like you're running a startup business together, although you don't explicitly state this.
Something I have been taught while studying English and then preparing for tests/exams like IELTS which may be of help here.	I'm sure others will post fancier responses here, but I really think this one is pretty simple.
Amazon allows any Kindle user to set up an email address (username@kindle.com) which you can email documents to.	The Calibre eBook management application can do exactly this and more.
I would say the best thing for me is to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule.	There's also FreakyAlarm for iOS, which makes you solve simple logic/math problems before the alarm will turn off.
It's a subjective question but In my opinion, people should clean their inbox tasks before sleeping.	I clean as I go using this flowchart: Is it actionable?
I think that your experiment shows exactly how important self confidence for productivity is.	There are lots of specific, measurable and achievable things in life--lots of them aren't worth doing.
Blogging about what you're learning about is so completely useful.	I would like to hear perspectives from others on this since I've not yet gotten around to trying it myself.
I would suggest doing a thorough and honest evaluation of your time.	Why not just pick a regular schedule of where you'll work, and when?
As the development usually requires a "peaceful mind", I leave it to the end of the day.	This varies from person to person, or even through different corporate cultures/job enjoyment.
Some studies suggest open-space environments lower working efficiency with 2-10% due to interruptions, stress and noise.	There's an iPhone app called Groups which might be helpful.
Experience: you must have noticed in you project/office that other colleagues who are more experience understand things quickly.	I think a learning attitude is the founding skill of a self-taught person.
Check out these two resources on learning while sleeping http://blogs.smithsonianmag.com/science/2012/06/experiments-show-we-really-can-learn-while-we-sleep/ http://www.scientificamerican.com/podcast/episode.cfm?id=some-skill-sleep-learning-may-work-12-06-25 Apparently it is possible.	Work in the smallest of steps that allow you to make progress.
There is a relatively narrow set of people who are eligible to be wandering in the restricted areas.	The capital severely punishes people who head out to the restricted areas (e.g.
I disagree that the moniker “most extensive” should be applied to Dorothy Jones Heydt’s language.	The most extensive Vulcan language was made by fans in the 60's, especially by linguist Dorothy Jones Heydt.
I had always thought she was the daughter of a Daniel the 7th cylon.	I've always figured she was the same thing that Head Six and Head Baltar were.
There are many races in the Star Trek universe that are so near-human there may be no discernible difference.	Humans in the Star Trek universe are expansionistic, not self-destructive, and breed easier than similar species.
I think Voldemort's arrogance has to be included in the equation.	Voldemort probably thought he was very clever, stumbling upon the Room of Requirement.
Storm Front is probably the worst of the Dresden books.	Never read the Hollows, but can answer the parts about the Dresden universe.
The best explanation comes from Picard in Star Trek: First Contact.	There was definitely a money system in the Star Trek Universe.
I would start with the Chronicles and move on to the Legends series.	Mark Roger's answer of Chronicles, Legends, and Tales is a good answer.
We know that the Puppeteer homeworld achieved 3% of the speed of light in 8 years, according to Juggler of Worlds.	How close to the Ringworld was the Fleet of Worlds?
This comes from "The Gripping Hand", the sequel to "The Mote in God's Eye".	The way I understand the history, the concept of a “gripping hand” did originate in The Mote in God's Eye (published in 1974).
The same way they got the van, the guns, and their clothes into the dream.	It's all part of the consciousness being shared by the dreamers.
It's similar to the wind-up tech used in olden toys and watches.	I'd say the closest we have to that now would be a using a flywheel.
Various bits of them can be used for magical purposes.	The blood is used to extend life or heal wounds.
The most obvious answer is that the energy shield does not extend all the way to the ground.	I don't know what level of Canon the old Rogue Squadron games were, but I remember playing the Hoth level.
I still think it could be River in the suit.	It has not been revealed in the story yet, so everything is speculation.
I think it's a reference to Nathan's mother's boyfriend, Jeremy.	The black dog is a portent of death in many English folk tales.
How would they be able to keep pace with the lesser, illogical races of the universe if they did?	Mathematics is a very logical langage and the Vulcans speak it all the time.
I think that they do, at least they replicate the majority of the components and assemble them by hand.	With regards whole ship replication, there are notes in the Next Generation Technical Manual.
No, Harry dropped the Stone before is encounter with Voldemort in the Forbidden Forest.	He was shot with Avada Kedavra, but he never died.
I had always thought she was the daughter of a Daniel the 7th cylon.	I thought, too, that she was an Angel in keeping in line with the original series.
I think the whole point is something like "quality rather than quantity".	I think the concept is that the insects trapped in amber are essentially unchanged as they are completely sealed off.
Surely the facehugger would have the same kind of blood as the aliens themselves?	There's no reason why the first thing that the facehugger does has to be to extend the ovipositor.
In Wishful Drinking http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1705977/ Carrie Fisher brings up her changing accent.	In Episode IV, Carrie Fisher pronounces Han Solo's first name as if he were the leader of the Han Dynasty.
The unofficial reason is that JKR found it difficult to do something new in the Quidditch matches every book .	There was an official explanation, at the beginning of the year, that there was no Quidditch house cup.
I have two reasons that work not only within the Star Wars universe, but our own as well: Visibility.	The directional thrusters wouldn't have to be in the rear of the ship but really that point doesn't matter.
I'd be more inclined to believe that it's some sort of ring world.	It is not hollow, it is round just as our world.
I've not seen Origins, but this has been inconsistently displayed through the comics.	The Adamantium didn't replace his bones, they just covered them.
On the one hand, there’s nothing in canon to suggest that the Time Turners could go forwards in time.	Time Turners were explicitly mentioned for use in going back in time.
I was invited in to pitch story ideas to Ron Moore at ST:TNG.	It's obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occurred.
Their jurisdiction (prior to the new 52 that started this month) was the entire known universe*.	I read a fantastic short story that sounds similar and I've wanted to rediscover it for years.
First of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	I always thought that Harry seemed to learn from the Half-Blood Prince better than he did from other sources.
Well, first, I think it's because Harry is better than Hermione at Defence Against the Dark Arts in general.	The Patronus Charm, according to the Harry Potter series, is a powerful spell.
I'd say yes, he was a Sith - just not a very good one.	Going by the Rule of Two, Vader can only become a Sith master if he strikes down the Emperor himself.
Not an official reference as 2000AD online has not opened their wiki to the public.	I don't see how you can say it's an allegory based on just those points.
I started watching the Stargate series by watching Atlantis first!	Without delving into an in-depth analysis of Atlantis and Universe, I'll try and be as succinct as possible.
I'm going to put several answers together, and add in a bit of own bit.	For the same reason every programmer in our world is not rich.
I voted for the dyson sphere as being the biggest realistic.	Allen Steele's book Hex describes a Dyson sphere, but made of hexagons, 1000 miles (K?
So far there is no definitive answer in the books who the Prince That Was Promised is.	Melisandre herself admits that she makes mistakes reading the fires, interpreting the images she sees wrongly.
There are several drive types in various games and shows that avoid dilation by not actually generating velocity.	At 80% of the speed of light, the time dilation is only 5:3 - one second on the ship is equal to 1.67 outside.
To answer your second question, they were definitely not named because of that capability, even if the capability existed.	No, there is no mention of them being designed to cling on to a saucer section.
As far as I have noticed, Elantris and Warbreaker are completely independent; there are no connections between their plots.	Quantum Teleportation and Molecular Replication The transporter and replicator technologies appear similar to the outside viewer.
Real World Answer: The discrepancies are a series of continuity errors.	There's also the possibility that lower-priority messages are sent in a way more analagous to e-mail than a phone call.
Answering your question of whether or not Voldemort knew Harry was a Horcrux: No, he did not.	Count of seven was 7 pieces of soul - this included his own chunk.
It was before the season began because Amy saw the woman before the Silence took her.	The exact timeline hasn't been listed yet, but there are a few assumptions we can make.
Let's assume that the planet only orbits one of the stars.	In practice binary star systems can have the stars very widely spaced.
We have two parallel worlds in collision or maybe more.	Our intrepid heroes also didn't pursue the child who was in the spacesuit.
We became the world described in it over the last 10 years.	Portions of this book hit really close to home in our present society.
To add to what jwenting said, you can clearly see Vader hit by the emperor strikes.	I am pretty sure it was the 1952 Omnibus of Science Fiction.
What do you mean by "reincarnation as opposed to a ghola"?	Humans in the Grid seem to age at the same rate they do outside the Grid.
This is an Alderson Disk and has been featured in Godwheel.	It could be Pratchett, he has written stories other than those in Discworld; one of them is Strata.
That logic is like assuming because of the HP Pavillion DV6000, there must have been 5999 previous models.	There were actually several ships of the Constitution class with numbers lower than 1700 and which were built after the Constitution.
Storm Front is probably the worst of the Dresden books.	I agree with @apoorv020's post, but think it could be expanded upon.
Yep, the book pretty clearly states that the boat was designed for two - 1 Wizard and one not.	No, I don't think there is any good reason why not.
TL;DR (for my answer, not the question): Depends on the author.	According to the World War Z novel, the zombie digestive tract doesn't work.
There's a mythical creature called a Namazu - a giant catfish.	Hayao Miyazaki is known for his fairy tale styled movies.
Mark Roger's answer of Chronicles, Legends, and Tales is a good answer.	I once did some research on this and compiled two reading order lists.
Surely the facehugger would have the same kind of blood as the aliens themselves?	While the other answer is quite well thought out, there's another possibility I've been thinking about for years.
In Anne Rice novels vampires wake up each night with the hair they had when they became vampires.	I dont know if it's a cannon answer, but A Chemical depilatory like Nair would do the job.
I suspect it was deliberately kept vague to make a good story.	I don't recall very clearly, but I think this issue was raised in the first movie.
After taking a random guess, I figured I'd do some more research and find out more details.	It's hard to tell exactly how much time has passed from the outbreak to the start of the show.
Aside from factual details in DavRob's answer, they are different applications.	Snow Crash was published in 1992, but it was written well before that.
First, it is explicitly stated that electronics don't work in areas with a lot of magic around.	In order for Muggles to use weapons, a number of things would have to happen.
I think that the British cultural aversion to guns would apply in this case.	In order for Muggles to use weapons, a number of things would have to happen.
While all of these are very good suggestions and they have some sort of evidence as backup.	Those are a kind of symbiotic protozoa or bacteria, aren't they?
Dick was an idea guy and a people guy, not a science guy.	Most of Philip K Dick's works aren't hard Sci-Fi in the least.
From a purely technical standpoint, it was clearly a design flaw in that it went STRAIGHT DOWN.	The Empire doesn't regard a one-man fighter as a threat, or they'd have a tighter defense!
First, we must consider that "Sphere" is less Hard SF and more soft SF, thriller, airport novel and such.	"Fins" on real spacecraft are usually for one of two purposes: solar panels or thermal radiators.
According to canon, Leia was an expert in combat, especially shooting (this is from EU books).	In real-world combat, most fire is used to suppress the enemy, not kill them.
I’m going to make some suggestions that might help us make more sense of, Why the Cup?!	I have seen all of these other than Confessions d'un Barjo as it is French and really hard to find.
Anthony Burgess' "A Clockwork Orange" was written in 1962, and contained an entire lexicon of "Nadsat" slang.	Star Wars (at least the extended universe) has a fairly robust set of profanity.
I also read up on some stuff while playing the game and afterwards...	Whatever you do, start with Eisenhorn (or maybe even Inquisition War) or Gaunts Ghosts, or something else.
I don't think we have a solid theory of mammal speciation.	The short answer is that evolution couldn't create gills in humans.
He was so old and the conditions where he lived last 40 years were bad.	The unbalance in the force caused him to become agile and sick.
One possibility is that his wife was right - he's still in a dreamworld.	"If he could manage to stay hidden alone, he could stay hidden with his kids as well" doesn't hold water.
Perhaps "in the future" means after time machines have been invented in their natural time stream.	To be a bit graphic, the human stomach only holds so much meat.
Here is the 2006 cover release, choice B in your question is the 2006 version.	Wikipedia's compilation of Time Travel Rules is a good resource to check about this subject.
"Mayflies" by Kevin O'Donnell tells the story of a generation ship, built as an escape from a dying Earth.	I'd add The Book of the Long Sun tetralogy by Gene Wolf.
I know they have to be careful with idiom at first in Stranger in a Strange Land.	It's a Philip K. Dick short story called The Eyes Have It.
From my understanding a big part of how long the gate stays open is based on power consumption.	One theory is: Caesar was born with genetic variations with more human like genes resulting in more human-like vocal cords.
This is a very often-debated subject… You'll want to tailor the choice to that person's taste.	For a younger reader---especially but not exclusively a young lady---consider Wee Free Men, the first of the Tiffany Achings novels.
Star Wars has its own magnificent historical timeline in addition to being a masterfully executed space-based science fantasy.	The quality of the science is not really the question here.
"Counterfeit Worlds: Philip K. Dick on Film" by Brian J. Robb has a fairly lengthy article in it about Total Recall.	Actually, Total Recall was based on book by Philip K. Dick called "We Can Remember It for You Wholesale".
The black dog is a portent of death in many English folk tales.	I believe Starship Troopers had FTL, but I am unclear as to how it works.
This type of warp drive is known as an Alcubierre drive, proposed by the Mexican physicist Miguel Alcubierre.	The matter-antimatter reaction is just the energy source for the work it has to do.
The WoT Wiki says that publication was pushed back from late 2011 to March 2012.	Brandon's latest post about this said it will not be out before Summer 2012, and should definitely be out by November.
Martinho lists everything I considered, but the one thing I think he missed was Ringworld Hindmost's engineering skill.	The Hindmosts, I recall, were Nike, then Baedeker, then Achilles (based on the XXX of Worlds series).
The Doctor says in A Good Man Goes to War that it must've happened 'before America'.	It was before the season began because Amy saw the woman before the Silence took her.
Note: We had a very similar question on Writers.SE; I'm cross-posting my answer from there, adjusted to your specific question.	Fantasy stories need to go into details that real-world-based fiction doesn't: cultures, politics, religions, biology, magic, science, technology, you name it.
Sign language maybe, since there is no tone to convey meaning, emotion or intent.	It is safe to say that body posture plays a big role in all languages.
Remember, from the Fleet's point of view, the rest of the galaxy is what's moving and experiencing time dilation.	Well, it really depends on how long he was there, and the exact speed of the Fleet.
I've always attributed this to the size of the debris that collided with the ship.	I think the shield technology is a little different than the later ellipsoid ones.
It was learned with 2001: A Space Odyssey, released in 1968, that 100% pure space realism doesn't make for good sound design.	I was under the impression that, on some scenes, it was done properly.
Yes, here is a quote from Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace script.	The novel I, Jedi touches on lightsabers, their construction, and their power.
There is one difference between this question and the invisible man question.	If you look closely either with eyes or sensors you can observe a disruption where the ship is.
The alien was, iirc, huddled on its side in a small alcove.	I guess you are talking about the first movie, Alien.
In addition to the already given reasons, there are some additional very good reason for this.	I can think of one notable reboot in print fiction.
This idea has been around since the beginning of myth and storytelling.	The science behind superheroes might shed some light on this topic.
I suspect it was deliberately kept vague to make a good story.	Update - this has been bugging me for a while, I finally had to write it out.
Lightsabers have changed little in the thousands of years of their employ by the Jedi Knights.	There is no good physical hypothetical model of a lightsaber.
At one point there was English but it has been phased out in subsequent versions of the films.	In the original New Hope when Luke scans the desert with his binoculars the numbers are Arabic numbers.
Is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying D/L method?	Yes, it's possible for a match to get tie after applying the D/L method.
Yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over.	There's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling/batting in the Super Over.
It is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken.	Bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken.
As per BCCI.TV Brendon McCullum was declared man of the series.	They have not awarded a man of the series award.
I haven't seen a pro team use a sweeper in YEARS.	Even in the modern era you could find teams playing with a sweeper.
Yes, absolutely - the receiving player must allow the ball to bounce before returning the serve - or any shot, actually.	Yes, the receiver needs to wait until the ball touches his playing area, otherwise it counts as being obstructed.
Barclays Premier League (henceforth BPL) starts in the month of August (after the FA Community Shield).	The premier league finishes on the 11th of May and the World Cup kicks off on the 12th of June.
The rule is in place so that a manager can't keep coming out and slowing down the game.	This was at least in place when I was a child and first watching baseball games in the mid 1980's.
You'll need to incorporate weight training and/or intervals in order to maintain (or increase) your muscle mass.	You need to sprint rather than run for endurance if you're trying to build muscle mass.
Albanian Ledio Pano has perfect record scoring over 50 penalties for various teams in Greece and Albania.	Rickie Lambert converted all of his 32 penalties for Southampton FC.
Of course it's legal and has happened many times other than the accepted answer's example.	Yes, it is legal - and as someone already claimed, even required if all other players have taken theirs.
The meaning of the dead ball is no further actions can be performed after the ball is declared as dead.	I don't think you can get run out after the umpire signals over.
This has occurred in the match between Australia and South Africa.	Yes, it's possible to share the Man of the Match award between two players of the same team.
Running downhill is more physically demanding, as your body is doing more to resist the force of gravity.	Mile for mile, running uphill requires a greater amount of physical work to be performed.
We only used Fartlek as a fitness measurement, and as a bit of fun.	Fartlek is not more effective than any proper interval training - just more fun!
If the number of fours hit by two teams are also equal then both teams will get 1 point each.	This is the rule if the runs scored by two teams in Super Over is equal...
The "neighborhood play" at second base, where the fielder doesn't actually touch second base during a double play attempt.	We used to call "The neighborhood play" "The Phatom double".
There are two types of left arm spin bowlers, Chinaman and Orthodox.	A right handed off spinner bowls exactly the same ball as a chinaman (i.e.
In the said case, the batting side wins by 1 wicket.	Wide ball will earn 1 run for batting side and they will win.
No matter what, runners are never out until they are tagged in this situation.	Technically the play cannot end with two runners on the same base.
Women first appeared in the modern Olympics in Croquet at the 1900 Olympics.	In 1900, the second modern Olympic games, 22 women competed in 5 events: tennis, sailing, croquet, equestrian, and golf.
Searching the internet for a possible answers, made me realize that this question has been asked many times before.	The answer is no, the Triple Lindy has never been (successfully) performed in real life.
That's why free hit is not implemented in the Test Cricket.	ICC announced the free-hit rules on 2007 October along with some other changes in rules for limited overs cricket.
The stated rational behind the introduction of the play-off in the Turkish league was last year's corruption scandal.	Sometimes the best team is not reflected in the win/loss ratio.
To answer the question on places to read about football strategy, I would highly recommend Zonal Marking.	There have been quite a few studies in football/soccer discussing home field advantage.
I've searched the internet and found some really good "How To's".	have had a breakthrough with this trick and have landed a fair few.
You are misinterpreting the rule; you can pass the ball to your goalie using your head, chest or whatever.	In 1992, FIFA introduced the Back-Pass rule in an attempt to speed up the game and reduce time wasting.
Unlike in cricket, its really hard to stop the game in between a football game.	There is NO good reason for the failure to implement video plays in professional soccer.
There are quite a few actually; practically every game between Turkey and Germany have had some player "upsetting" one side.	In the game between Albania and Switzerland in 2011, X. Shaqiri scored the opening goal.
The top of the ball will be going in the same direction of the wind.	More likely what happened is that the shot had little to no spin on it at all.
It is hard to speak for a team, know what their strategy is going into a draft.	Drafting has changed dramatically with the new collective bargaining agreement.
The Ranji Trophy is India's domestic cricket competition played between teams representing REGIONAL cricket associations.	There is an another cricket team named Vidarbha cricket team which is also from the state of Maharashtra.
To play golf, the first thing you need is a set of clubs.	Having fairly recently taken up the sport myself, I feel your discomfort.
Yes, dew (wetness in the environment) factor can change the direction of a match.	Another disadvantage of the dew factor is that it makes hitting boundaries difficult.
Boxing has a win in 10 seconds via knockout, or instantly if the referee calls it.	I have found record of one sport that had an instant win move.
Here's an attempt to layout the history of the position, and the time periods in which it changed.	It all goes back to the beginning of the game.
You would think they wouldn't include a blatant violation, but they did.	Lebron haters need to forget about your biased hatred for a minute here.
Having done 37 marathons I can say some are definitely nicer than others.	As most probably you're doing this for fun, then choose the marathons that you like.
Domestically, you start at the club level and work your way through the ranks.	As an umpire for cricket you are responsible for the calling of many intricate rules of the game.
Reading your post, made me think of my younger years !!	I'd say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture.
Table tennis is to "real" tennis as "miniature" golf (putt-putt) is to "real golf.	My answer to this question (from years of observing the effects of playing both sports) is both yes and no.
There is NO good reason for the failure to implement video plays in professional soccer.	There is another problem with applying instant replays beyond just interrupting the flow of the game.
Putting a ball in it and tying it up will help create a pocket.	Tying up the glove by itself, even with a ball inside doesn't really aid in breaking it in.
1934 was the year that the Portsmouth Spartans moved to Detroit and became the Detroit Lions.	I highly doubt it is referring to a score of a game for one reason.
If its a new disc you may want to try bending it down towards the concave side.	This YouTube video does an excellent job covering all aspects of overhand throws.
Basically, the rule is that you must play the ball, and not the man, until someone catches the ball.	It is fairly simple to understand, somewhat harder to referee.
It all really depends on what kind of running you are doing.	I have run 8 marathons and the first 4 I did using traditional programs that involved 5 or 6 days a week of running.
Don't stress about being the best or worst player on the course.	Learn a golf swing that is based on sound science and mechanics.
The replacement refs have, actually, made some atrocious calls throughout this preseason.	There are several anecdotal issues we've observed thus far, most notably the 4th timeout given to the Seattle Seahawks.
Any number of new metrics can be introduced to predict the winning percentages.	Goal.com had a table on how much refs get paid in the top leagues in Europe from around 2011.
This was handled the same way small local swim meets are handled these days: stopwatches.	When I used to swim there was also a place judge and ties were decided by him.
A center needs to have the firmest hands because he is the one "hiking" the ball to the quarterback.	Tackles, and in particular left tackles, tend to be the elite positions on the offensive line.
I'm in a similar situation, albeit I only run half-marathons and bike up to 60km.	A good bet is that this is probably caused by being nervous, and you might be hyperventilating.
This might sound very unhelpful, but really the only solution is lots of practice.	The majority of the time it is a better plan to draw the penalty then immediately get the 5 on three.
I think it was the 4-4-2. it had slighter modification like 4-1-2-1-2 and 4-2-2-2.	It is certainly 4-4-2 as almost all teams in England were using that formation back then.
The seedings are based on the rankings of the each of the participating nation at the cut off point.	Ten of the teams in the ICC Twenty20 Cricket World Cup are "seeded" teams.
Basically it is used for a delivery which is too good, almost unplayable and completely beats the batsman.	For right-arm bowlers, off spinners spin from off to leg and leg spinners spin from leg to off.
I am an assistant fencing coach for a collegiate club.	Fencing is really very safe as long as you go to a real club and follow directions.
All my experience is in warm sub-tropics so NO WETSUIt swims.	I would suspect the primary benefit is time saved in transition.
Will Cole's point #3 is the closest to an accurate answer.	There are an awful lot of contributing reasons that the wishbone is not used more often.
There are two variants of the fingers over the eye salute.	This is done to show that they are a "Dead Eye" shooter from 3 point range.
At the highest level, a pace setter helps ensure they meet their game plan for the race exactly.	From personal experience I found that a pace setter to be incredibly helpful.
I can think of three key factors that are quite logical conjectures.	There have been quite a few studies in football/soccer discussing home field advantage.
First of all, I'm writing this on my phone, so I wont bring you any sources at the moment.	If a player is sent off by an direct red card, he misses the next tow or more matches.
Trailrunnerx on osx can sync with nike+, including after Nike's recent changes to their API.	http://www.rungap.com/ supports a whole bunch of apps including Runkeeper, Garmin and Nike+.
I haven't found any technical tool under "indepedent training management" rather mechanical innovations.	Have you tried using a professionally made orthotic (not the one you buy in the store)?
Willie O'Ree is the considered the first African American to play professionally in the NHL.	As Tom Au stated, from a backer's perspective, the ”strong side” can simply be considered the side with the most receivers.
Grass fields can get torn up easily especially if the ground is wet.	Artificial turf is now a permanent feature in the hockey world.
To play golf, the first thing you need is a set of clubs.	Don't stress about being the best or worst player on the course.
The "neighborhood play" at second base, where the fielder doesn't actually touch second base during a double play attempt.	To add to Hennish's list, don't bunt when you have a large lead.
Wet suits will make you more buoyant which for a swimmer is not a good thing.	Differing suits might provide a benefit, but I think that would be offset by your overall skill level.
So far this delivery has been used for well over a hundred years.	Doosra and teesra, both these bowling techniques were invented to deceive the batsman.
I can't find anything in the rules to back this up, but I believe the call was correct.	This basic play was very confusing in our game yesterday: Bases loaded one out.
The movement of the ball in the air is called swing bowling.	Both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers.
Actually, it's much more easier to count the one NOT on the same continent.	That is also the recommended strategy for marathons, if you are going for time.
Red ball under yellow floodlight takes on a brownish color which is very similar to the color of the pitch.	I am too a hobby swimmer but as part of my triathlon training.
You definitely can do it, and it is fine where you have clean, dry climbing surfaces.	its way easier in the gym to go bare foot.
Generally you want signs to be simple between a pitcher and a catcher.	The pitcher has the final decision, since he is the one throwing the pitch.
Essentially it hasn't been introduced by UEFA because the top brass don't support it because of the financial cost.	As I understand it; the costs of technology isn't the big issue.
Yes, it makes a difference whether it's the serve or in general play.	According the official LAWS OF BADMINTON, set by the Badminton World Federation, chapter 14 is affected: LETS.
No, penalty runs will not be given if the ball hits the helmet of the wicket-keeper when wearing it.	It depends what you mean by "losing control" and by "ideal sailing boat".
No, there is no specific criteria for giving the man of the match award.	As per the rules, MoM award is decide by the commentry pannel.
If your question is if this system is fair, then my response is that it is highly criticized.	D/L or any other method is necessarily an approximation, so there will always be some strange edge cases.
I can't think of the specifics, but I seem to remember this scenario from many years ago.	The Laws of Cricket say that you can declare any innings, no matter what the agreed length is.
To answer the question on places to read about football strategy, I would highly recommend Zonal Marking.	Well for one, you have the advantage of not being over run in midfield.
As per FIFA's "Equipment Regulations", Section 22, only the goalkeeper is permitted to wear a cap.	Although headgear is allowed to be worn, it is not advised for anyone other than the goalkeeper.
The first level of the pagoda: The primary key to jumping is balance.	From what I recall the most penalties in one international game I saw was 5 penalties on the 4th of July, 1999.
The front row players can half-stretch their arms during the serve, without moving them.	The official rules (as you cite in your question) prohibit screening.
Glad to hear you've started playing hockey, its a great sport!	A general rule of thumb is every 5-6 hours of skating.
As far as I am concerned substitutes are used late on for one thing i.e.	One additional reason would be to avoid a second yellow card turning to red and then a ban.
They are similar and different because they share a similar lineage.	The shape of both is mostly to do with aerodynamics.
A good bet is that this is probably caused by being nervous, and you might be hyperventilating.	This might seem a stupid question, but are you breathing out when your head is underwater?
I prefer to run the second half 1-2 minutes faster then the first.	I would definitely go for a slightly slower first half.
What do players that are available but are not playing, because you have enough, do?	I'm not familiar enough with Cricket to offer a specific, concrete solution.
This tactic generally really only applies to teams with offenses that are directed by a good/excellent Quarterback.	In that particular situation, the Patriots were allowing the Giants to score because of 2 important reasons.
Apart from batting out of order, the answer is no.	There is no appeal, and a pitch is made to Abel.
There's a reason that Sports Psychology has grown into a pretty large niche of psychology overall.	“PRACTICING THE CORRECT ONES MAKES PERFECT.” My 100 shots in a row last July 27, 2014.
The above answer is a good one but it only addresses fuel efficiency.	2014 introduced a new rule that fundamentally changes much of the strategy behind a Formula 1 race.
It was random that she faced Li Na in the first round - not because she's seeded/ranked #127.	This was too long for a comment, so I am posting it as a CW-answer.
The bowler may be presented with the ball at the end of the innings, as a trophy for his achievement.	A hattrick is just a fancy informal term to describe 3 wickets taken in 3 consecutive deliveries by a bowler.
Colorado native chiming in: There's all manner of ski resorts within easy reach of Europe in Colorado.	There are literally hundreds of ski resorts in North America.
For the most part you can apply at any US consulate.	Generally you're supposed to apply at the US consulate at your place of residence.
And yes they do charge more for these types of rentals.	Any of the major car rental companies will allow a "One-way" rentals.
There is one airline, Spirit Airlines, which is trying to copy Ryanair with super cheap tickets and aggressively bad service.	There are a few airlines which operate flights at lower fares.
It depends not on which country is your home but which country offers the best exchange rates.	This varies very much depending on your country of origin and your destination.
In Poland camping in the wild is tolerated, especially in the mountains.	Wild camping is not allowed in Germany; you have to go to a campsite.
Chicago CTA for within the city limits - http://www.transitchicago.com/ - Trains are pretty decent in the city.	Certainly there are cargo ships with berths available in the Caribbean: http://www.cargoshipvoyages.com/ViewAllVoyages/?regiontoshow=2 As an example.
I'd suggest you find a bank in your local country, and consider opening a Euro denominated bank account with them.	I am not sure if you can open a bank account in France if you are not a resident.
I wouldn't stress about these emails, or the advanced notification at all.	I think you're referring to APIS - Advance Passenger Information System.
I have also been in Cuba more than 5 years ago and I have never carried my passport.	I actually asked this question a few months ago to a representative of a Cuban consulate.
Also it is more likely to get a jet bridge when traveling with the local airline.	Some airport only use buses for specific types of flights, often involving smaller planes.
As I remember, in Geneva at least, there are open air markets on a weekly basis.	This page list all the big Christmas markets in Switzerland.
Of the bigger countries, New Zealand is the first to celebrate New Year.	You can see this in the Wikipedia list or on any map with the International Date Line.
I'm almost always check the websites of the ministries of foreign affairs of my neighboring countries.	If you want the American point of view of each country then the State Department is the place to go.
One way would be to go through an Adventure travel company that offers trips in the region.	I recommend you to go with a local guide instead of an international one.
You can actually find a list of Adult Only resorts on this page.	I spent the month of August in a little town in northern Portugal on the coast - Praia de Mira.
The first that comes to mind are the amazing ciders made in Sweden.	The gift that to me would be most expressive of Sweden is the delahast, the little horse figurine.
If you're only worried about them stealing the car and not the contents I would remove the distributor cap.	Some great answers here, but sometimes the best deterrent is a little bit of clever social engineering.
My experience is that a normal taxi is always cheaper.	When using a regular taxi make sure it's with a reputable company or you agree upon the rate upfront.
Istanbul is far enough to the south to have decent daylight in January.	Well since you ruled out my favourite winter city in Europe (Paris) I will have to recommend another.
I got a Berlittz pocket sized French & Spanish books for when I was recently in France & Spain.	I think it's relatively easy to find en English-speaker in France or in Spain.
The license held restriction is normally required by the insurance companies the rental places use.	The reason you see resemblance is because its an "old" airport.
The answer is that it can be done, and without too much stress!	I landed in terminal 3 and flew out of terminal 1 last year.
In order to avoid the tourist traps, someone in your party needs to speak the language.	For Travelling to Nepal, This will provides you in detail about Money exchanging.
I'm in Russia now - just got off the train in Volgograd.	If you didn't study Russian for some time, you shouldn't read the Cyrillic.
I had a similar issue but in what seemed to be a simpler situation.	I'm actually about to do the same thing when transferring at London Heathrow.
If you own an iPad something like MindNode or iMindMap might be worth looking at.	You may want to consider some kind of online note-taking software, like Evernote.
Further to earlier answers, the information given so far is bit vague and so might mislead.	The nearest Cambodian town is Stung Treng, and the border is a 90-minute speedboat or bus ride away.
A technical stop is for the benefit of the PLANE.	Usually it's a refuelling stop, and you just sit on the plane.
The hotspot you link to is a 3G to wifi device.	Whether or not you get a Japanese number, calling Japanese numbers from skype was totally fine, and super-cheap.
Non-airconditioned classes tend to have less strict ticket checks starting with the lowest class and gradually increasing till the highest class.	Second AC (2AC class), I won't recommend above and below this class.
You mention 120 GB of data, and "long holidays" so I'll assume that's for something on the order of two months.	My friends used a similar system to Mark's while travelling around Africa.
It's very hard to make a universal socket that's compliant with all the safety standards that would apply.	In India, a lot of plug sockets look like this they seem to accept plug types from most countries.
We stayed in a kibbutz at Ein Gedi which was nice.	If you are planning on visiting/climbing Masada, it is in a convenient location close to the Dead Sea.
In most cultures where toilet paper is NOT used, people still need to clean up, right?	Well firstly, some find the whole 'toilet' discussion mildly gross, rude or offensive - even if some don't think so.
Kyoto, at least does, as described here: JR Kyoto Station.	Coin lockers are a feature of most stations in Japan.
For me it works quite well to try to estimate a daily budget for a given country/region.	This has been reduced to an art form by Paul TerHorst and his wife Vicki.
There's a geek answer to this, and a practical answer to this.	It's pretty ridiculous that I've seen airlines ask for these to be turned off at times.
Well personally, I find a yawn is by far the easiest and least painful way of inducing the so-called 'pop'.	I have had ear difficulties since I was a baby, and was inflicted with many earaches as a youngster.
(That assumes that your local airport in the states is big enough to have middle eastern airlines serve it!).	As shown at Great Circle Mapper, Toronto to Sydney is 44% longer via London and Singapore versus via Vancouver.
The answer you get will depend entirely on who you ask...	Quite some time ago I have been on a couple of such trips.
The only website that I know is Farecast, that now seems to be called Bing Travel.	Expedia and lastminute flight searches will show you flights with stops.
I visited Peru in August, starting from Lima and touring for three weeks.	Cusco: High: 70F Low: 40F This is just before the rainy season (Dec-Mar) and crowds are general less.
I was in a situation where I had to mail in my passport for a visa - no problems for me.	Travellers from many countries don't face this experience due to visa-free / visa-on-arrival arrangements.
You're a little off, but if you Google for ETOPS you'll find the details on what you're referring to.	Credit Cards are a fairly safe method, when they are accepted.
Check with your bank to be sure, but I would say Yes.	I found it hard enough finding an ATM in Vancouver that would even ACCEPT my card (or my friend's).
The Pilar Festival is held every year around the second week of October in Zaragoza.	Cabo de Gata in Almeria is a good place to get in touch with nature.
In most of the cases, you can do that (specially in western Europe).	You can also book your train tickets in the Netherlands (nshispeed), Belgium (b-rail) and France (SNCF) online.
You might be able to get a second passport from your Government.	I just came back from a visit to Armenia and Nagorno Karabagh.
True to the name, the LCCT terminal is pretty barebones and has little of interest.	This page collects lots of information about the total solar eclipse of 2012.
Generally, almost wherever I go, I find it's easiest to get money out of the ATM.	There are plenty of ATMs and Exchanges all around the city, especially in city center.
For questions like this, I prefer the scientific and mathematical approach.	This map shows the tropical rain forest in the whole world.
You don't need US driver's license, just your national one.	If your license is in a language other than English then you should get an IDP BEFORE entering the US.
I've only been to a couple of different places, but Hobbiton was pretty cool and I'd definitely recommend it.	On Trip Advisor I think the highest rated in is Twizel, largest location in NZ and is Gondor.
Work visas aren't going to be given on arrival anywhere (I'd be highly surprised if they did).	I've obtained several distinct work visas in Germany, all were post arrival visas.
Answers to 1b: Depending where you go, you can use FON.	In Europe you still need a separate SIM for every country (unfortunately).
Australia has fruit picking, which is commonly done by seasonal labour (a.k.a packpackers).	In at least western Canada the thing to do is tree planting.
The most obvious is the oldest long distance walk in Scotland: The West Highland Way.	Look at this: http://www.capewrathtrail.co.uk/ You could do it in stages.
As was mentioned already the major two carriers in Australia are Vodafone and Telstra.	2 years ago, I got a Vodafone SIM card with a prepaid 1GB / 1 month plan and a SIM-locked 3G USB stick for 100 AUD.
As @Doc said, X-ray do not damage electronic devices, however, metal detectors may.	Millions of smartphones and 10's (if not 100's) of thousands of Kindles/E-book readers go through airport scanners every day.
The answer will depend significantly on what country you're traveling to.	As someone who has always travelled with a lot of prescription medication, I always declare it.
German event organizer Jochen Schweizer offers flying a MiG 29 in Nizhniy Novgorod for 14.5k EUR.	adrenalin.com.au  has some offers for Australia, and you have the choice between a L-39 fighter jet and a A37B ex-military jet.
Open tickets Be aware that there is no such thing as a completely open ticket.	I solved this problem recently by using miles to get an award ticket.
I've just been in Rovaniemi, Finland a couple of weeks ago.	My friends, boyfriend and I are talking about going to Yellowknife, Canada.
I don't think Åre or Funäsfjällen are really so far away as to be impossible.	There are 3 main alternatives that are as close to Stockholm as Romme.
A city that is very near to Helsinki (maybe 1 hour by direct bus connection) is Porvoo.	Are there any current major Finnish cities where the architecture is medieval, or at least "pre modern" (before the late 1600s)?
I'm not certain this should be down to country or culture.	Always ask before taking a photo - unless they won't know if you take it.
I'll just mention that you are not likely to experience any problems in crossing the US/Canada border by car.	The car rental cost only for the compact was quoted as $789.
Another option is the 3G Amazon Kindle, which lets you use an 'experimental' browser without any charges anywhere in the world.	You can find a list of possible pay as you go plans here : http://paygsimwithdata.wikia.com/wiki/Spain .
Before we discuss ways to get in, you first need to remember that lounges aren't free.	Depending on the airline, quite often members of Priority Clubs can invite a guest into the lounge with them.
I've been living in the LA area (in Long Beach, exactly) for 7 months, being there for studying abroad.	I have been to LA several times and have used different kinds of transportation: car, public transport, bicycle and walking.
http://www.php.net/ Down the right hand side there are many user group.	I've just been to a meetup group on Saturday with Sapporo.rb.
Having done London to Singapore by train¹ I know a little bit about long train rides.	Food Make sure to buy some food before you go.
Another possibility is the FunTouristAttractions map of Europe - but again, not many natural attractions on it.	UNESCO World Heritage Center provides a list with a map.
A backpacker friend of mine managed to get hired as crew member on a sail boat.	Naturally it depends how strict a budget you're on as a backpacker, or flashpacker or however you define yourself.
The final solution was two-fold: I ended up staying a few nights in Burnaby.	There's a fairly new YHA/HI on Granville which is one of the main drags right downtown.
One additional factor to consider is if your suitcases have sufficient structural rigidity to survive the trip empty.	I work in other country and annually travel to my home country.
My method is to keep valuables in a piece of luggage that locks.	In general, don't be paranoid as it spoils the fun!
I'd suggest you give some consideration to visiting the Loire Valley.	Roflcopter already covered a lot, I can add: Giverny which has Claude Monet's house and gardens.
Nothing, really, unless you mean to stay in the jungles for a while.	According to the CDC, they recommend MMR, DPT, polio, Hep A/B, Typhoid and Japanese encephalitis Also Malaria meds are recommended.
Most places will accept a photocopy along with a security deposit - same with cars.	The answers above are not only generic, but inaccurate for Thailand.
Zurich is very nicely, centrally located, in Switzerland, both within the country itself, and in relation to neighboring countries.	If you like science I'd recommend the Technorama (Swiss Science Center).
I have recently done a lot of research in to guides for doing Mt.	I climbed Kilimanjaro a couple of weeks ago, and booked it with Gap Adventures.
This trip, I stayed in Sapporo, Zao Onsen, Sendai, and a few nights in Tokyo.	Wasn't aware of any discrimination what so ever when I traveled in Japan.
Megabus is hands down the cheapest buy for the value, granted you're on the Eastern side of the plains.	I think you're limited to renting a car or traveling on Greyhound.
There are trains via Knin, which means a large detour inland (there just isn't a coastal line).	As others have said if you want to get to Split the best public transport offering is by bus.
Plastic wrap, or some sort of net, is also a common technique for people traveling with backpacking packs.	For safety reasons, to protect your bag from scratches and liquid that could come out of other bags.
Travel Books is the traditional option: Lonely Planet, Fodors, Rick Steves, Rough Guide, etc.	One site that lets you explore places through photography is http://fotons.com/.
Burning Man Festival itself organises a ticket exchange programme for those interested in reselling their tickets.	It should go without saying that buying in the open market is a bad idea, but don't forget Craigslist.
In Israel hitchhiking (Tremping) is pretty common, though I would not recommend it for tourists.	In France, there are no such road signs, but there are ways to organize hitchhiking.
Would going on a cargo ship count as a tour?	Ozbus offer a 29 week tour of South America, starting and finishing in Quito.
There are many but, and I think this list may not be all, but certainly most.	Actually, Hostelbookers has a page dedicated just to the Top 15 Quirky and Unusual Hotels Across the Globe.
As I remember, in Geneva at least, there are open air markets on a weekly basis.	The most simple answer to this is "because they can"!
100% DEET is certainly very effective, but it's hard on your skin.	I live in a tropical country with a lot of mosquitoes in some beaches I regularly visit.
This ploy is known as "hidden-city ticketing", and you should find plenty written about it if you search for that term.	I don't think Åre or Funäsfjällen are really so far away as to be impossible.
For France, a great site for renting farmhouses in coutryside or small villages is Gîtes de France.	Just an addition to Mark Mayo's answer, Roomorama is also a website that similar to AirBnb.
My assumption is that TSA is concerned about what could be concealed within the liquid.	When you're making rules like this, simplicity and objectivity are vital.
Personally I have a OV-chipkaart which is connected to my train reduction card.	Would getting a nominative card enable me to recharge it through the website without a Dutch banking card?
Yes, have all the documentation of your travel prepared for each leg!	I know someone who tried to do this with a one-way ticket from Europe to the USA.
English works everywhere with people buying and selling things and in the hospitality and tourism busniness.	I traveled around Maharashtra (including Mumbai) and Andhra Pradesh and I had no problem getting by with just English.
I think the dual goals have a lot to do with the purpose of the antagonist.	I think it's going to depend on what the reasons are.
There is nothing wrong with the phrase "simple sample service".	The minimal change needed to avoid disconcerting alliteration is to just call it a "simple example service".
I've started my own tool since I didn't like yWriter and Storybook.	I've tried many of the things mentioned above, but they never really worked for me.
Yes, this is OK, as it allows you to emphasise certain things, that you want the readers to notice.	I believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point.
Some writers will tell you that writing fan fiction is lazy, uncreative, a fruitless endeavor, and a waste of time.	Generally, the acceptability of fan fiction depends on the original story.
First person has the unfortunate side-effect of being narrated in an extreme sort of way.	With a story in first person, you are intending the reader to become much more attached to the main character.
If your plot is no longer interesting to you, let it go.	Distinguish between losing interest in the project and merely losing interest in its current state.
It's (almost) grammatically correct, but it doesn't seem "natural" to me at all.	Yes, it feels like natural English to me (native English speaker).
For fiction, I have little proof to show of blogs being published as print and/or ebooks.	To answer your question, yes, I think blogging your fiction will hurt your attempts to be traditionally published later.
There are many good copywriting software packages, books, and even courses available.	While you are checking out courses and deciding, start a swipe file.
I'm inclined to say no, in that any answer will depend entirely on the genre that you're writing in.	What has worked for me in the past is to simply concentrate on telling the story.
Your writing career will only end if you stop writing.	Like others have said, if writing is truly something you want to do, you can find time to do it.
I think this is completely a matter of personal preference.	I try to write primarily at the computer, for the sake of revision control.
What is your purpose in writing about a foreign country or place?	The first step is to hold back your urge to write.
"In the" sounds like it's going on for a while — a chapter or two.	I think of things happening in sections of books, not at (which implies a location) sections of books.
You might not get the publicity you're looking for from these kinds of sites.	Goodreads.com does that -- even better, you can get attention from as many individuals as you give out copies.
David Weber's The War God's Own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well.	One thing that should be used as a seasoning in Odyssey tales is the idea of the false destination.
You have to define the problem before attempting a solution.	Whenever I start reading the same lines over and over again, I start skimming.
I wrote a novel a couple years ago and I have two pieces of advice for the beginning steps.	There are myriad questions on this site that already address this issue, and the consensus is always the same.
In its broadest sense, I would define purple prose as excessive and imprecise description.	"Purple prose" is overwrought metaphors, melodramatic and clichéd phrasing, and cartoonish actions.
You just need to shut off the inner critic, and start writing.	I guess it depends on how the blank page is overwhelming you.
If you want a Windows option, HP and Dell both have great tablets.	I own a 64 GB Transformer Prime and I love it!
Your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	I don't believe not knowing a character's name would be confusing unless you make it so.
I write in a similar vein, and sometimes face the same problem.	"the world is quite rich with events"-->Are these events related to one another?
I personally love spiral notebooks when I'm out and about.	As FoxCutter has said elsewhere, for many of us Moleskine is hard to beat.
You have two items to consider: what makes a person likable, and why you would sympathize with someone.	There's a number of movies that feature criminals that are either the protagonist or a likeable character in some way.
Under US law, a direct parody is considered "fair use".	One of the difficulties you face is that of passing off.
No, you don't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.	I have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
One thing you seem to be forgetting regarding myths, is they are extremely prevalent stories.	I noticed you said "movie critics" enjoy mythological references in a film, but do audiences?
I believe it depends on whether you are trying to be personable or professional.	Using third person offers the benefit, that the profile can be used by other persons referring to you.
What you are talking about isn't "voice", but a scene change.	I highly recommend reading related articles / forums in one of the many Role-Playing Games Communities.
We just addressed this recently, and the excellent answer suggested was guillemets.	guillemets, as suggested by Lauren Ipsum, is a good option.
Try an experiment: take one aspect of that person's faith and go into ridiculous emotional detail.	I'll admit outright that it's late and so I won't read all of the rigorous Q&A presented here.
The opening words of an essay should immediately enmesh the reader in your wiles.	When I express my thoughts online (and I have to make parenthetical statements) I love parentheses.
Set up your world as a version of The Matrix.	Depending on your entire scenario, you have, I think, three options.
Contact the local users group of the technology you've written about.	I tend to find technical books through recommendations on Hacker News.
My advice would be to write your second novel, and then maybe even a third, before doing anything else.	In the last several months since this question was posted, e-books have surpassed hardback books in total sales volume.
If you can find one, a Z88 might be a good choice.	You could go for a small Mac laptop and try finding one with AppleCare.
Give him his own story so he's not stealing scenes in someone else's.	There's plenty of things you can do to make a character important to the plot.
Why would you add extra anything if your plot doesn't need it?	I haven't read your story so I have no idea if it's boring or not.
Matter of opinion and all that, but I prefer plain text with no formatting.	For longer pieces, especially those with figures, tables, contents, or internal references, or citations.
You can jumble the characters of the existing species names.	Reading up on the effects of various Pyschoactive drugs might help.
I'm interested to note that the users who expressed a preference went with the first version.	I have no problem with omniscient narrator viewpoint but the second example looks a little bit jerky.
I think it largely depends on what kind of "children's book" we're talking about.	Actually, this is the only situation where run-on sentences should be used (and work better than short sentences).
The villains I absolutely hate are selfish and self-serving, but they are also cowards.	A villain you want to take down is, at his/her core, someone who does not care about the suffering of others.
You need to have another good look at the structure of the novel.	I would suggest asking someone else to read it and see if there any parts you have not made clear.
You are evidently aware of plagiarism and seem to consider it something that isn't right.	My experience has been lack of context and mystery most quickly grab my attention.
I find the repetitive use of the same verb in a paragraph to be jarring.	Markdown is almost certainly the way to go for simple formatting.
I have tried to write in XML and latex but neither seems very stream lined for fiction.	As mentioned above, I ended up developing my own tools and markup language to suit my needs.
You can write the book in any way you choose, as long as it works for you.	Sequence a only in writing (sometimes you have to go back and revise) option the not writer has is.
This is an exceptionally difficult question to answer, because no-one actually knows the answer.	Are some people naturally gifted in writing, which means everyone else is doomed to mediocrity?
It's a crutch if you don't make it solid enough to stand on it's own.	I know many people who started out writing fanfiction and then turned this into the basis of a professional career.
Sometimes, parentheses can be vital to your essay (except when they're not).	Robusto has already discussed the way that the parentheses perform specific jobs.
In the last several months since this question was posted, e-books have surpassed hardback books in total sales volume.	First Get some close friends, preferably a variety of types of people, to read it and give you feedback.
Yes, dull dialog should be removed completely (or transformed to interesting dialog).	I agree with Lauren's answer: You need highs and lows in any story.
a good story/novel/book shouldn't have to have a "suddenly" to get surprise from the reader.	I think this is one of those areas where the 'show don't tell' rule really shines.
Copyright laws tend to be similar everywhere, because most countries adhere to the Berne Convention.	I post a copyright notice on things I publish/blog on the Internet.
I use OneNote and I think it's the best computer program ever happened.	I really like the idea of a small notebook, and I'd recommend that.
I don't think 'actually' is particularly casual, and I agree with Dale Emery that the other words have different meanings.	The intention of the reviewer seems to be to avoid words that may reflect personal opinion.
I would say it's perfectly possible to have an ensemble cast.	The recent Pulitzer winner A Visit from the Goon Squad is another example of a book like that.
I go brainstorming by mapping out different scenes on a page, and trying to connect them.	The most reductionist view of a plot is: Equilibrium > Disturbance > Equilibrium.
Aside from the grammar checker in MS Word, I can't really think of any.	If you want to use a subsidy publisher, I would just use common sense.
Not a tablet, but a mini notebook sounds like it meets your size and battery life requirements.	The iPad is pretty good, but I would suggest getting a USB keyboard as well.
Write it as if you're the one apologizing to them.	I think the best way to remind someone is "I think my e-mail missed your attention".
NaNoWriMo Tens of thousands of lunatics collectively deciding to write an entire novel apiece in 30 days.	First, limit the number of people you solicit for feedback.
Don't explain in detail how complicated it is, nor how to understand it.	Take a look at the work of Robert J. Sawyer and Terry Goodkind.
Suggestion - stick to publically acessible facts, and express them as factual only in terms of the characters in your story.	I've been using Scrivener, which is available as a free beta for NaNoWriMo participants.
The answer to your question is: It depends on how the writer works.	At first, I thought this is a bit of a tricky question.
There's a good essay by Malinda Lo on the process.	First thing you want to do is find a neutral beta reader.
A good opening line gets the reader hooked and eager to read the next line.	My experience has been lack of context and mystery most quickly grab my attention.
Fictionpress is a popular website that allows anyone to upload stories, read those stories, and comment.	I noticed you said "movie critics" enjoy mythological references in a film, but do audiences?
I think your problem is procrastination, given that revising is no fun (imho).	You've got the seeds of your answer in your edit.
Fastest and easiest to make the first couple bucks: Sell to your family and friends, get them to recommend them.	You can self-publish your book as an e-book using Amazon's Kindle Direct Publishing, and it doesn't cost a penny.
This is a bit like asking how long a piece of string should be.	The best way to write any novel (or story)is to write it as if it is a standalone.
I agree with Lauren's answer: You need highs and lows in any story.	It's pretty readable as is (aside from a few grammatical errors in the dialogues that may be intentional) - not boring.
If "100k" and "50k" are word-counts (and in this context, that's certainly what I'd expect), that's "novella" (for ~50k words) up to "novel-length" (at 100k words).	The standard initial market for a short story is a literary magazine.
Webster's New World Rhyming Dictionary: Clement Wood's Updated This is the rhyming dictionary I turn to first.	http://www.rhymezone.com/ You just type in a word, then select one of the following.
Helping my 11 yr old son with a project last night, I noticed he was two-spacing it.	In short, this is a disagreement based on technological generations.
Art is obsession, and how well (or badly) it's dealt with seems to fascinate artists.	Eudora Welty's One Wrtier's Beginnings weaves together in an absolutely lovely way the story of her journey as a writer.
David Gerrold has always shied away from numbering chapters; he just puts in a section break and keeps writing.	Austerlitz by W. G. Sebald consists of a handful of paragraphs, each of 50 or so pages.
Since this is deemed on topic, I'll give my recommendation as a proper answer.	I used to work on a project where we wrote a graphical UI to subversion for a group of artists.
I use Subversion and Git as sort of a front end to Subversion.	If I'm writing something in a plaintext format, like LaTeX or HTML, I'll generally use version control.
Sitting around a campfire discussing the highlights of the day's events is a good mechanism for character development during travel.	David Weber's The War God's Own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well.
Why should your description of a scene occur at an instant in time, like a photo?	Describe first whatever will pull the reader into the scene.
Keep in mind that you can easily swear without swearing.	I think Stephen King's comments are helpful in this regard.
I have been doing a lot of my outlining/pre-writing work in Workflowy.	Not enough points to add to Lauren Ipsum's answer, but I really do like Scrivener.
I am not a lawyer, my post comes from my experience working in the publishing world.	While an answer has already been selected, I wanted to add some further points.
I found thinking about Scene/Sequel helpful in learning to avoid pointless scenes, both while revising and during outlining.	When I'm writing well, I don't think deliberately about MRUs.
What happens in your story seems, from your description, to be action/thriller.	Just because a setting is made up doesn't mean it's fantasy.
This question is crying for a link to the Sacred Cows of Publishing Killing.	Edit: Wikipedia knows how to explain it better than I do.
Applying structure to prose is no more than good writing practice, after all, and not limited to blogs.	It depends on what your blog is trying to achieve.
In these days of googling, it's sloppy to not find the source of a quotation.	I agree with Kate Sherwood, you should be able to attribute most quotes these days by simple fact checking.
It does feel weird when you're writing, but you don't notice it when you're reading.	Here's a technique that can help: Identify each instance of he saw or he heard or he thought.
I have been doing a lot of my outlining/pre-writing work in Workflowy.	Am I allowed to beat the drum for Scrivener again?
Problem #1: There is no such thing as good and evil.	1) Does the story have to be from the POV of the necromancer?
You're asking a good question, and if I may restate it: How do I write an effective business e-mail?	You can try a Business Writing textbook, looking through the most promising sections.
I think what many archetype systems use as a base point (consciously or unconsciously) is the Enneagram of Personality.	I would suggest some of the pickup artist material that has been written over the past five years.
Just be aware, why flashbacks are considered bad: Many people cannot follow them.	Call me boring, but, at least for now, I only disobey the chronological order for historical-based interludes.
I would abbreviate your degrees; chances are your audience will understand them.	Rather than "deployed": helped to launch I've no idea what an "enterprise application" is, so perhaps that could be rephrased.
The main reason this doesn't grab my attention is that there is no sense of immediacy.	Christopher Vogler's summary of Joseph Campbell's Monomyth, "A Practical Guide to The Hero With a Thousand Faces".
"The electrical state at the terminal matches the battery""s electrical state"	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
there is a gap between the postive terminal 6	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
it was copntained ina closed circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
When one bulb goes out it creates a gap on the path.	each bulb is in its own path
Burnt bulbs have no voltage at one of there terminals.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
the closed path is connected to the light bulb	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because bulb a is contained within the same closed path as the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because there is a gap in bulb b	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
there is a damaged bulb	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
the path must be closed in order for the bulb to be lit	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulbs a and c are in separate paths.	A, B and C are in different paths
the battery is a chemical reaction that does not rely on the circuit being complete or not.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
You have reached a point where the terminals are not connected to each other.	the terminals are not connected
bulbs a and c are not in a closed path with bulb b	Bulb B is in a separate path
when switch z was closed bulb a was in a complete curcuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
had a closed path to the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
switch y is not in the path to the battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
There was no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal.	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
Not contained in a closed path	Bulb C was not in a closed path
The battery terminals have different electrical states.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because bulb a is damaged	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
an open switch causes a gap.	the open switch creates a gap
Bulb A and bulb C affect each other.	A and C are in the same closed path
the terminal is separated from the battery terminal	the terminals are separated by a gap
if it disrupts the path of the bulb and the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
if the switch it is in the closed path, then it affects the bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the battery is connected to itself in a closed path	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
switch y is not in the same path of bulb a.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
where the switch is in path determines whether it affects the bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
When a switch is open the circuit is no longer complete	there is an incomplete circuit
a bulb causes a difference in electrical state	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
The battery must be connected to the bulb	there is a complete circuit
the voltage between terminal 1 and the positive terminal is 1.5 V	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Because the positive circuit has a voltage of 1.5 volts.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the circuit is no longer complete when the switches are open	there is an incomplete circuit
the bulb is only connected at the negative connection.	the battery is in an open path
"Energy flows through the path so if there""s a gap, there""s no energy"	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is not a terminal connected to the positive path of the battery	the battery is in an open path
the terminal is not connected to the battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
If the path contains is closed with a battery, the bulb will light up.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 5	There is no gap between terminal 5 and the positive terminal
It cuts the current from the battery	the path is not closed
gap between terminal 3 and positive battery terminal	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
both bulbs a and c are contained in a closed path	A and C are in the same closed path
bulb a and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
because the gap creates a difference in electrical states	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the battery is contained in a closed path without any devices	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
there is still a closed path	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
the switch is in the same path as the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the are on the same wire	A and C are in the same closed path
bulb B does not effect the other bulbs	there is an incomplete circuit
there is a closed path	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
Because the meter was hooked up to two sides of the battery.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is no gap in the path	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
removing or damaging one bulb will not affect the other.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
if there is a gap between the terminals, the voltage will be different.	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
Because the chemical reaction is not effected by a gap.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
There is not a connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
that it is connected to the negative terminal	there is no gap between the terminals
terminal 1 is connected to the 1.5 volt battery.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
makes it an open path rather then closed	there is an open path
because A and C still have a connection to the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the battery is on a closed path	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
it was enclosed in a complete circuit	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
If it is in the same path as the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because of the chemical reaction in the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
becaquse there was a gap in the connection	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there was a negavtive gap	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
if the bulb is contained in a closed path with a switch	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
"because switch z is in bulb c""s closed path"	there is a path containing both Z and C
Bulb A and B are still contained within  closed paths	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
a battery always has voltage unless it is damaged	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 6 is connected to postive terminal of battery	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
Because terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6.	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
There is no difference in electrical states.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
because bulbs are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1	terminal 2 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
bulb B and C both still are on a closed path with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
bulb a and b are still contained in closed paths with the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
the bulb causes a gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
there is a gap between the battery terminal and the bulb terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
When a switch, a battery, and a bulb are in a closed circuit.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The terminals are not connected	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
circuit 2 is a short circuit	there is no closed path containing the battery
It is not in the same path as bulb A.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
the path must contain a battery	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
the blub is not contained in the same closed path as the battery	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
because it was connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are connected	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the battery always has voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the negative battery terminal and terminals 1, 2, and 3 are located closest to each other	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Terminal 4 is connected to bulb B	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
since a a gap does not affect the voltage of a battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the positive terminal is connected to the bulb	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because 1.5 v minus 0 v equals 1.5 v	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the switch has to be contained in the same path as the bulb and the battery	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
the bulbs are conained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
A battery and a closed circuit.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
because bulb C was not still contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
there is a closed path that contains bulb and a battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
"Both ends of the battery aren""t connected to each other."	there is no closed path containing the battery
There is a gap in the path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
because there was a closed circuit	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
if the bulb is contained within the path	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
a and c both create circuts with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
The positive battery is separated by a gap with terminal 1.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The positive terminal and terminal 1 read 1.5 V because the difference across the terminals is 1.5 V	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
because it is connected to a bulb that is a closed path	the battery is in an open path
because there is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 6.	There is a gap between terminals 1 and 6
Terminal 1 was connected to a negative terminal 4.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
because x and z could be closed and it will work.	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
the switch is in a path with the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulbs A and C are not on the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path
if bulb b is damaged it does not make a complete circut	there is an incomplete circuit
Bulb A and B are still contained within a closed path and connected to a battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
the value of measurement indicates if the bulb is burned out	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
bulb b and c are on a  closed path with the battery	no path containing both the switch X and either bulb B or bulb C
Bulb A is contained in a closed path and not affected by  switch Y.	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
The electrical states of two terminals when connected will determine the gaps and help to locate a burned out bulb.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
There was a closed path between the battery and bulb a.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
path 5 is a short circuit.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the electrical state can locate the gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
because bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery and switch x	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
the bulbs are on the same path with the battery	A and C are in the same path
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6 making the voltage 0	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
the negative battery terminal is connected to bulb terminal 1,2 and 3 only.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
That there is a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
a component to the battery	there is a complete circuit
terminal 4 is connected to the positive batterty terminal	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
because bulb A and B are within the same path	each bulb is in its own path
because it changes the path from closed to open	there is an open path
Because it was in the same circuit	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
a closed component to the battery	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Bulbs A and C are in separate paths.	A and C are in different paths
terminal 2 was connected to the negative terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb A and B will stil be in a closed path with the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
bulbs a and b are still contained in closed paths with the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
There was a closed circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
if it is in the closed path with the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Registering a voltage at a location tells you there is a gap somewhere in between the measured terminals	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
contained in the same circuit not connected to the opposite terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
it creates a gap in the closed path	a damaged bulb creates a gap
closed path, connected to a battery	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
becasue it can be in another closed pathway	There is a path containing A
because B and C were still on a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
It creates a gap, so no electricity from the battery can flow to the other bulbs.	there is an open path
Because there is a gap in the circuit.	there is a gap in the circuit
it was not a closed path	There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery
Because the battery is connected to the bulb	the battery is in an open path
there is a gap between the terminals	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the battery alone is in a closed path	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the bulbs are contained in diffrent closed pathes.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Bulbs B and C are contained on the same path with the battery.	B and C are in the same path with the battery
there was closed paths between the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because it had a complete circuit with no gaps to the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Because the first 3 terminals are connected to the negative side of the battery.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
bulbs b and c are on the ame path as the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
There is a gap in the connection	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
Terminal has the same electrical state	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
if the switch is in the path is can affect the light bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
"the electricity can""t pass through"	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Because bulb A is on a different path than bulbs B and  C	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Bulbs B and C will be on open paths with the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
bulb a was on a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in a closed path with the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
because the gap will not effect the voltage.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal and terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
the attery is not in a closed path	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
because it creates a gap which in turn created an open path	the open switch creates a gap
the negative battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6 and bulb c is damaged	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
when it disrupts a complete path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
There was a connection between terminal 1 and the positive terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
terminal 1 is connetced to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
There is no gap in the circuit.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there is a closed path that contains bulb a and does not contain switch y	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and bulb C are in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulbs a and b are still contained on a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Because it was not connect to the negative end of the terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because there was no gap from the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
There is a bad connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
Because it still caught the current from both terminals	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulbs b and c are not in a closed path with bulb a	each bulb is in its own path
Damaged bulb A creates a gap in the circuit	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
The current has shorted out the battery.	there is a short circuit
the terminals go from not being connected to being connected to each other.	the terminals are not connected
Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The battery is contaied in a closed path without another component.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
The battery and light bulb are not contained in a close path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Because one of the bulb terminals is bad, and the other ones are good.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because it is not in the path to the battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are not contained in the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
It has its own path that is connected to the battery	each bulb is in its own path
there is a gap between terminal 6 and a positive battery terminal	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
If the path is unbroken by the switch then the switch will not have an affect	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
bulbs a and c are wired within a closed path	A and C are in the same closed path
Because it was still connected to the battery terminal.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
There is no gap so there is no difference in voltage	there is no gap between the terminals
there is not a closed path that contains the batteyr and bulb b and bulb c	If bulb A burns out, there is no longer a closed path containing B, C and the battery
the voltage stays the same within the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because there is a bulb in one of the paths.	there is no closed path containing the battery
when a switch and bulb are whithin a closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
There is a gap in the circut.	there is a gap in the circuit
Terminal 1 is connected to terminl 4.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the positive battery terminal is separarted by a gap from terminal 3.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
If a switch is connected to a bulb it will still work.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Because Bulb C is not contained on the path of the other bulbs	A and B have their own path
terminal is connected to postive terminal of the battery	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
The voltage does not change.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The two terminals of a battery will always have different electrical states due to a chemical reaction inside the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there are other closed paths	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
The bulb does not effect the others	there is an incomplete circuit
THE ARE ON THE SAME PATH	A and C are in the same path
the posiive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal had different electrical states.	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
switch z is contained in a closed path	there is a path containing both Z and C
The battery will have a different electrical state than the circuit	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
If one bulb is removed, the others stop working	A and C are in the same closed path
Terminals 4, 5, and 6 are only connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
positive battery is seperated by a gap from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because bulb c burning out would not damage the complete circuit	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
because bulb a and b are still contained within a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
because there was two negative connections	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
ARE ALL ON SEPARATE PATHS	A and C are in different paths
because switch y is not conatined in the closed path of bulb a and the battery.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and Bulb B and the battery are in a closed path.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
i said bulbs a and c are linked to the battery!	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
bulb a is contained in their closed paths	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
if the switch and the bulb are in the same path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the bulb is not fully in the path of the circuit	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulb A is not in the same path as Bulb B and Bulb C.	each bulb is in its own path
because the circuits will be closed	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
There is a gap in the closed path.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
There is not a closed path with the battery and bulb C	There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery
The electrical state will be non-zero	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
the positive terminal and terminal 2 are seperated by a gap	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Both components need to be in closed paths.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Switch X can still form a closed path	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
Because bulb B is damaged and does not allow the positive battery current to reach the other side.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are not connected to the positive battery terminal
terminal 6 is connected to postive end of battery and the voltage meter	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
positive terminal is serperated from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The battery is in an open path to the bulb.	the battery is in an open path
There will be a gap where the bulb holder is supposed to be	there is a gap in a circuit
Bulbs B and C will still be on closed paths with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
there is no difference in electrical states	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
all have the same voltage reading	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the path a bulb is on determines whether or not a switch affects a bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb A is on its own closed path and bulbs B and C are on the same closed path	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
bulb A is connected to switch Z	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Terminal 6 is connected to the posititve battery terminal.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb had a short circuit	there is a complete circuit
Battery will always have voltage.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
It turns off all the bulbs.	the open switch creates a gap
The voltage is 1.5 because thebulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because a and c are still in a closed circuit	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
there is still a closed path	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
the positive battery terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulb c is not on the same path as bulb a or bulb b	Bulb C is in a separate path
the terminals are connedted to the negative terminal of the battery.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
because those terminals are connected to the positive terminal of the battery.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
A light bulb is attached to the battery.	the battery is in an open path
switch z could be closed	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
The positive battery terminal is a closed path from terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
A damaged bulb disrupts the flow of the current.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
because there is no gap between the positive and negative terminal	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 1 is connected to a battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Bulb A was still in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
there is a gap in the connection.	there is no gap between the terminals
there is a closed path, with no lightbulb in the path	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
damaging bulb a creates a gap.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulb a is in the same path of bulbs b and c	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
bulbs a and c are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb b or c	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
because there is a gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the battery is contained in the circuit and the light bulb is not	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
because a chemical reaction inside the battery keeps the positive and negative terminals at different electrical states at all times.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the battery is in a closed circuit	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
Because it stops the flow of one side of a battery from reaching the other light bulbs.	the path is not closed
The battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain the voltage,	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because it was contained in same path as the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
Terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative terminal	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
bulb b and c are contained in the same path with the battery.	B and C are in the same path with the battery
it was in a closed path with a battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
the  negative batter terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Because the path between the battery and the light bulb is not closed	the path is not closed
There is a gap between the bulb and the battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
bulb a and bulb b are containe4d in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
That the terminals are not connected to each other.	the terminals are not connected
because a difference in voltage is due to a gap.	A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap
It was connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the batteries terminals are not connected	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
because the path was closed	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
if a bulb is in a closed circuit with a battery and a switch the switch will affect the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulb c is not in the same path of the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
+ releases current - recieves it?	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because there is not a closed circuit anymore for bulb c	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
Terminal 5 is connected to teh positive battery terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
electrical state is not connected to volts	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
it will cut off the circuit	bulb B creates a gap
Bulbs are on different closed paths	A and C are in different paths
the path will be closed	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
because the path is short	the path is not closed
both terminals were connected to the negative terminal of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Bulb A was in a closed circuit.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The path it was on	there is a path containing both Z and C
because terminal 1 had both a positive and negative charge.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
bulb b and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
that the bulb terminal is only connected to one of the battery terminals	there is no gap between the terminals
Bulbs A and C were still contained on closed paths with the batery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Terminal five is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
The gap prevents the terminals from being closed	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
because there is no closed path to the battery	the path is not closed
it can be either closed or open	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
terminal 6 has  gap	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
terminal one is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
there is a difference of 1.5 volts between terminal 1 and the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
"The battery""s voltage comes from a chemical reaction that takes place within the battery itself."	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
when the switch is on a closed path with the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
removing one bulb shuts off the other.	A and C are in the same closed path
bulb a is in a closed path with a battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
if the bulb and the switch are contained by a closed path then the switch affects the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
both of the terminals are connected to the negative battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
the bulb is not connected on both ends	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
The battery is not contained in the closed path	there is no closed path containing the battery
the bulb will not light	there is no gap between the terminals
If bulb B is damaged, then the circut is no longer closed.	there is no closed path
A battery and a bulb must be in a closed path together	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
a damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
bulb c and switch z are in the same closed path	there is a path containing both Z and C
A switch creates a break in the closed path.	the open switch creates a gap
because the battery has electricity and the gap does not	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
It must be in a closed path.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not connected to itself.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Because if the gap is open the bulb will not go on	there is a gap in a circuit
The path has to be closed in order for a switch to affect a bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed circuit containing the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and C will still be contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
removing of damaging any of the bulbs will shut off the other bulbs.	A and C are in the same closed path
It still has a connect path between bulb a and c and the battery.	there is an incomplete circuit
terminal is connected to the battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
I think the red X means that this is dangerous and should never happen unless something is seriously wrong.	there is a short circuit
terminal 1is connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
terminal one is not connected to terminal six	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
"if the switch is included in the bulb""s closed path, then the switch being open will affect the bulb"	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the terminals were connected to the positive terminals of the battery	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
if it is closed and contained in the same closed path with the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
its not effecting the current to switch A	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
the path has to be closed for the bulb to light up	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
The positive battery was not connected to terminal one.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
The circuit is not closed around the battery.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Because it can go through switch Z	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
the negative battery terminal is not reaching terminal 6	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Terminal 6 was only connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
if the path is closed with the battery, the switch doesnt affect it	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
it does not damage the battery	there is no closed path containing the battery
terminal 3 and the positie terminal are not connected.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
because bulb c is not included in the closed path	There is a closed path with A and B that C is not in.
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal had different electrical states.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
circuit was complete until gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the gap in terminal 2 is postive	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs a and c are in separate closed paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
because terminal one is connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb, battery, and switch are in closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
terminals 4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
the open switch will open the path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminal 5 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Because the battery is not in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
bulb a creates a gap	each bulb is in its own path
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
we can find the burnt out bulb by finding voltage between different terminals	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
the gap between the damaged wires of bulb b creates a gap in the path.	bulb B creates a gap
The terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are not connected
the terminals are on the same side as the negative side of the battery.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
switch y does not affect bulb A	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
because it was in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the positive battery terminal s separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
when switch z was closed bulb a was in a complete curcuit connected to the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
the terminal is connected to a bad bulb terminal.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
those terminals are on the same side as the negative battery terminal	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
it creates a gap in the current.	the open switch creates a gap
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there is not a complete path involving both battery terminals	there is no closed path containing the battery
Both the light bulb and battery must be in a closed path.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
the two terminals are connected	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb is contained in a closed path.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
because bulb a was still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
the battery is not connected correctly	there is a short circuit
because it has another closed path it can use	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Damaging Bulb A would disrupt the closed path with the battery.	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
The chemical reation still exists	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb C was off when switch Z was open because bulb C was directly in an open path.	Bulb C was in no closed path
because the voltage is the difference in electrical states between two terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because the broken bulb created a gap not allowing the current to flow through both.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
because a and b are in series and a and c are in parallel	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
It receives current from switche Z.	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
the positive batter terminal does not have a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
there is a gap caused by bulb A	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulbs a and c are not contained ina closed path	A and C are not in the same path
bulb a come before switch y	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulbs b and c are contained on the same path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
The voltage size is 0	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
same path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
if x and z are closed then it will create a closed path	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
because the voltage was 0 and there is a gap between 3 and 4	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
The terminal is connected to a negative terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
B and C are not in the same circuit as A.	each bulb is in its own path
bulb b created a gap	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
the battery is not connected to the bulb	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
damaged bulb a creates a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulbs b and c creat a gap in the path	Bulb B is in a separate path
there is a gap between terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because there is a gap in the bulb	there is a gap in a circuit
it is not in the same path with the bulb and battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
b and c will be in their own closed paths with the battery.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
it is connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
it the switch is blocking the battery it effects it if not then it doesnt matter.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
If the switch is on and makes a gap between the bulb and the battery.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Y is not needed for bulb a to light	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
terminal 1 is connected to negative	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
bulbs are in different closed paths	A and C are in different paths with the battery
"because switch y isn""t included in bulb A""s closed path"	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
When the switch is in the path of the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the positive battery terminak is separated ba a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
can complete the path by having z be closed	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
There will be a gap a bulb A	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
elictrical state of batter and terminal	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the terminal is connected to the battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
It creates a gap in the circut.	the open switch creates a gap
Bulb B and C were contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
the value of the measurement indicates if there is a gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
if the damaged bulb and the other bulb are contained within the same path	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
because bulb b is damaged so the path has a gap	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
circuit 2 is connected to a terminal on the battery	there is no closed path containing the battery
Because it has a gap.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
it runs on a different current	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
the posotive battery and terminal 1 created a circut	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the bulbs are on separate paths	Bulb B is in a separate path
a closed circuit containing a bulb and a battery	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are contained in differnt paths.	A and C are in different paths
It had its own path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Because the bulb is connected correctly.	the battery is in an open path
the battery is contained in a closed path	There is still a closed path
there is a gap in the path	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Because there is a difference between the electrical states of the two terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is a gap in the circuit that causes a gap between terminals 1,2,and 3 and 4,5,and 6	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
Bulb B and C are still contained in a path with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
switch z is contained in a closed path to the battery	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path with the battery.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
there are two components in the path	the battery is in an open path
A and B are still in a closed pathway with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb a will not create a gap for bulb b and c	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
"bulb A""s path only contained switch Z"	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
An incomplete circuit does not affect voltage.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 2 has a gap	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because of the gap that bulb B created	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
B nor C will have a contained closed paths to the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
Because the battery runs in a closed circuit.	there is an incomplete circuit
Each circuit must have a connection.	there is a complete circuit
terminal connected to positive charge	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because it was not contained in the closed path.	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Bulbs A and B are on a different closed path	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
Because it is not in the same path	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
bulbs b and c have separate paths within the closed circuit	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
If the path is not closed, the switch will not affect the bbulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is a gap between teh positive battery terminal and terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
a battery is in a constant state of electricity	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because voltage is the difference between two terminals and those terminals were not connected in a closed path	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Because it is in an incomplete path	the battery is in an open path
There is a bulb connected to the battery terminal.	there is no closed path containing the battery
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative terminal on the battery.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 6 is connected to a positive battery terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there is a gap between terminal 3 and the positive terminal	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb c was not connected to the battery.	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
because terminal 4 is connected to the positive terminal but not the negative terminal	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
because it still was on a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 1	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulbs a and c are connected to the battery on the same path	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not in a closed path with itself.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
removing one bulb shuts off the other	A and C are in the same closed path
damaging one turns off the other	A and C are in the same path
bulbs a ,b, and c are on parallel paths	A and C are in different paths
"Without A, there""s no closed path"	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
because a battery has a chemical reaction that causes a voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
if it leaves a gap in the path with the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is a gap between the battery terminal and the bubl terminal	the terminals are separated by a gap
"it creates a gap that doesn""t allow the electrical current flow to to the other bulbs."	a damaged bulb creates a gap
because the battery is not in a closed circuit	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
bulb a is contained in a complete circuit when switch x is closed.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
A closed path with a battery and bulb	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
the bulb terminal and the negative battery terminal are separated by a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
bulb c does not create a gap	There is still a closed path
Bulb A will create a gap in the path	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
the bulbs are on the same path	A and C are in the same path
All components are in a closed circuit.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A damaged bulb creates a gap in the path	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the gap in the circuit causes the circuit to be an open circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
the paths of the circuit are no longer complete	there is an incomplete circuit
The battery and bulb need to be in a closed path together.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
because it is still connected to a batery	there is no closed path containing the battery
the bulb is not contained in a closed path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
an open switch contained in the path will leave a gap	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the bulb only has one terminal connected	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
There is a difference in electrical states.	the terminals are not connected
Because the two terminals will always have different electrical states.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the battery  is in a closed path with itself.	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4.	terminal 5 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
It creates a short circuit.	the path is not closed
there is no path between the bulb-holders	there is an open path
there will be a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Bulb A is within its own closed path and independent of B and C	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
Bulb B and bulb C are still in closed paths.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Bulb A is not in the same path as bulbs B and C.	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
Terminal one is connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
terminal 1, terminal 2, and terminal 3 are connected o the negative battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
"the battery isn""t working and is dead."	there is a short circuit
The bulbs will not be powered if the circuit path is incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
the battery is containing a negative charge only	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
A terminal is connected to a bulb.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
a is in a closed circuit when x is closed	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
bulb a and bulb c were still in a closed path with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
if bulb A burns out then bulbs B and C will no longer be in a closed path.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Terminal 5 is only connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
The gap seperates the positive and negative charges	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
bulb a is contained on a path separated from the closed paths of bulbs b and c.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
not connected to positive battery	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are not connected
"because the battery doesn""t get damaged sense it is coming in full contact a one end with the bulb."	there is no closed path containing the battery
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Because there is a light bulb	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
bulbs b and c are contiained in the the same path with the battery.	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
each bulb contains its own closed path	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
the positive terminal and terminal 1 are seperated by a gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
b and c are both parts of complete circuts to the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
if the damaged bulb is on the same closed path with the battery	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
As long as X and Z are closed A will light	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
If it is a part of a circut that contains a bulb and a battery.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because bulb c is not in the same ppath	There is a closed path with A and B that C is not in.
switch is closed to make a closed path	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
bulb a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Because bulb A will still be contained on a closed path to the battery.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Because the voltage does not reach the bulbs.	the path is not closed
there is a gap between the bul and battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
the circuit path A was on was still closed	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The difference in electrical state	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
a damaged bulb does not make a connecton so the circut is not complete	there is an incomplete circuit
If bulb B is damaged, there is no path	there is no closed path
because bulbs B and C were still in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulbs b and c remain in a closed path with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Bulbs B and C are contained in the same closed path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
A burned out bulb indicates a gap in the connection between opposite ends of the battery terminals	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
Bulb A, Bulb C, and the battery are in a closed path.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
C would not create a gap for A or B	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
if the electrical state is non-zero you can find the gap in the circuit	A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap
a terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
the terminal it is connected to is not working	there is no gap between the terminals
There is a closed path with the battery and bulb A	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
If bulb B is damaged there is a gap in the circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
Because there is a gap.	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
the terminals are connected to each other.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
We switched the terminals around.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb a created a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulbs must contain battery in the path without a gap	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulb a is in a complete circuit with the battery when switch z is closed.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
Switch Y was not on the path of bulb A.	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Because neither of the components are connected to themselves.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
the positive battery is connected to the terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
if it is open and the bulb is no longer and a closed path because it is open	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because it was on a closed path	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
a damaged bulb does not complete the circut.	there is an incomplete circuit
The battery is not closed in a closed path.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
It is in the same closed path.	there is an open path
because the voltage meter was connected to a positive and negative side	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because bulb a is not in the path of switch y	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
Bulbs A and B are not within the same path as bulb C.	Bulb C is in a separate path
There must be a closed path.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
In circuit 5, the battery IS in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
It breaks the circuit flow between the battery and the bulbs	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the path must be closed with the battery and the bulb	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
Bulbs B and C are not on the same line as bulb A.	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
because there is a gap because bulb b is damaged	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
the battery is not connected to the terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
Because the battery is not damaged when lighting the bulb	there is no closed path containing the battery
the battery still holds the electrical charge if there is an incomplete circuit.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is no short circuit to the battery.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because Bulb A was still receiving positive and negative currents.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there is a gap between terminals 1 and 2 from the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
because bulb b and c were still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because bulb a is not in the same path as bulb b and c	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
the bulb is in the path of the circuit	there is no closed path containing the battery
bulb A and switch Z are in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
bulb a still has a path to the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
The circuit will become incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
there is still a path for the other 2	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
bulb a is in a closed path with the battery	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
There is a gap in the path.	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
If the switch is open, the path is not closed	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Closed connection between the bulb and the battery.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
both are on same closed paths	B and C are in the same path with the battery
when it creates an open path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there will be a gap between the bulbs	there is a gap in a circuit
it helps because you find the gap where the terminals are disconnected	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
because bulb a was in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
becuase the negative end of the votlage meter was connected to a positive circuit	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
bulbs a and c are on a closed path with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
connected to the negative terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
because the battery is in the closed path but the bulb is not	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
it was not in a complete circuit	Bulb C was not in a closed path
there is a gap between terminal one and two and the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
bulb a was on because it was contined in a closed path.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulb c is not in the same path of bulb a and b.	A and B have their own path
Bulb B is on a different path	Bulb B is in a separate path
terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
The negative battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6.	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
if C is damaged, the bulb A and B ae contained in a closed path	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
bulbs b and c are in the same closed path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
A GAP WIL BE CREATED	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
the bulb must be in a closed circuit with the battery.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
bulbs a, b, and c are on a path with the battery	A and C are in the same path
the positive battery terminal and terminal 6 are connected	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are in different closed paths.	A and C are in different paths
There is a light bulb and a battery present	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
the positive battery  terminal has no gaps from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
The circuit is complete with the battery and bulb a	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
bulbs B and C still are contained in closed circuits	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
since there is a gap	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because is shows connection to the bulb.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
There must be a closed path and a battery.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
because an open switch creates a gap.	the open switch creates a gap
There is a bulb in the circuit.	there is no closed path containing the battery
a and c are on the same closed path with the battery	A and C are in the same closed path
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed path containing the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
bulb C and A are contained in the same path with the battery	A and C are in different paths
the switch opens the closed circuit	there is an open path
because each bulb has its own pathway	each bulb is in its own path
switch y and bulb a are not in the same closed path	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Becuase the damaged bulb damages the path in which is was connecte to	a damaged bulb creates a gap
because it can have complete circuit if Zis closed and Y is open	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
terminals 1,2,and 3 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
because that created a gep in the circuit	a damaged bulb creates a gap
when the switch is the in a closed path with the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
C does not effect the others, their paths are still closed	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
Bulb A, bulb B, and bulb C are contained in different closed paths.	A and C are in different paths
becasue the terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
bulbs b and c were in a closed paty with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
the battery is in the closed path.	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
When one bulb goes out the rest go out.	each bulb is in its own path
An open switch means the circuit is not a closed path.	the path is not closed
bulb a is in the closed path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
for the same reason as 3	terminal 5 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
because switch Y did not affect bulb and and the battery closed path	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
switch z is closed so it still creates a complete path to the battery	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
there terminals are separated by a gap when the voltage jumps from 0 to 1.5.	the terminals are separated by a gap
The light bulb is not in a closed path	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
it breaks the closed circuit	the open switch creates a gap
The negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 1 and 2	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
the switch has to be within a closed path with the bulb and battery	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
the battery is not in a closed bath alone	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
battter is contained in a closed path	There is still a closed path
Blub A and bulb C are contained in different paths with the same battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
terminal 1 and 4 connected	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Switch Z can be closed instead	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
the conditions are a battery and a closed path	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are on the same side.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
Because there is a gap.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Each bulb affects the other bulbs	A and C are in the same path
because switch x can be closed and y can be open and A will light	There is a path containing A
Terminal 4 has a gap.	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
Bulb C is not contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
that there is no difference between the electrical states of the bulb terminal and the battery terminal	The terminals are in the same state.
because it damages the complete circuit	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
a short circuit has occured	there is a short circuit
Tells you that there is a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
the bulb is not contained in the path	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
because bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
Stops the path from being closed.	there is no closed path
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Maybe because there is still one path that connects A and C through B	there is an incomplete circuit
Because the positive battery terminal and terminal 6 were connected.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
the bulb is not connected to the positive connection of the battery.	There is no closed path
The open switch was in the path.	there is a path containing both Z and C
The battery is in a circuit with a bulb.	there is no closed path containing the battery
Because bulb c created a gap so then it had both a positive and negative charge.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The positive terminal is connected to terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulbs A and C were still on closed paths with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Switch Y was in a dfferent path	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
if the damaged bulb is on the same closed path as the other bulb	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
It was in the same path as switch X.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
bulbs A and C are in different paths that do not contain bulb B	each bulb is in its own path
Bulb A, bulb B, and bulb C each have their own closed path with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
if the path is open or closed	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the battery is  not contained in a closed path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Because switch Y and Z are also connected to bulb A.	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
the switch has to be located within a closed path for the bulb to go on	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
if both bulbs are contained within a closed path	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulb a will burn out with bulb C	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 1 and 2 have the same voltage because there is a working bulb connected to the negative battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
The positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
Bulb A is in two different paths with the battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Because terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Because there is a gap.	there is a gap in a circuit
There is no gap between the positive terminal and terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
It is not a closed path.	the path is not closed
that  there is no difference in electrical states of the two terminals	The terminals are in the same state.
There is still a closed path containing bulb B and C with the battery.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
because it has a positive terminal	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The battery terminal is connected to terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
terminal one is connected to a positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
if the switch is contained in the path with the bulb, the switch affects the bulb.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Both terminals of the battery is not connected.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Terminal one is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
a voltage reading of 0 volts indicates a gap in the circuit.	there is no gap between the terminals
bulb a and c are contained on the same path with the battery	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
Bulb c is on a seperate pathway from A and b which are still connected to the battery.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
that there is no electrical connection	there is no gap between the terminals
the battery is in a closed path but connects with nothing else	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
the terminals must have a difference in electrical states to have voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the two components are seperated.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb A is conected to the battery.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because positive charge is before gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
switch y is on a different path than bulb a.	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Switch Y is not on the path of bulb A.	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
bulb b and bulb c are in a closed path and bulb a is in a separate closed path	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
there is a complete circuit, with a battery and a bulb	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the bulb is contained in a cloed path with the battery	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
There is a gap between the two bulb terminals	the terminals are separated by a gap
the positive terminal and terminal 6 are connected	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
the bulb is contained in an closed circuit	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
terminals 1 and 2 are seperated by a gap	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
there is a gap at terminal 1	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
battery is contained on a closed path	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
bulb A creates a gap in the closed circuit	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
it always has the same voltage due to a chemical reaction inside of it	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminals are separated by a gay between the positive and negative terminals of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2.	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Because it has one regardless of the circuit	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because of the gap in bulb B	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
there is still a closed path that contains the battery, bulb a, and bulb b	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
There is a gap in the path.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are not separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
the electrical states between the terminals is the same, resulting in 0	The terminals are in the same state.
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1.	terminal 2 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal with no gaps	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because it would cause a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
the battery is not contained in a circut	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
closed paths from the battery	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Switch Y did not effect bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path to the battery.	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
The component is not enclosed within the path and the battery is	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
there is a separation between the bulbs and the negative battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
Battery is not contained i a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
the battery is not contained in a closed path.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
When bulb B is damaged there is a disruption in the current.	there is a gap in a circuit
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on the battery.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The terminal is still connected to an electrical state of the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulbs a, b, and c are not contained in the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path
There is another component besides the battery in the circut.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
switch Y does not effect bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulb b and c are in a closed path	B and C are in the same path
battery is contained in bulb	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the bulbs are contained in a closed path	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
battery is contained in path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the terminal has an electrical state between terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because there was a gap in the pathway.	there is a path containing both Z and C
Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
because each bulb has its own path	A, B and C are in different paths
The positive terminal is not seperated from the gap	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
The battery is in a closed bath.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
"becuase bulb C is on it""s own pathway."	Bulb C is in a separate path
a connection to the battery	there is a complete circuit
You needed both a battery and a blub with the same path, and the path must be closed	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
there is a gap between terminal one and two	There is no gap between them
If the path is not closed then a bulb will not be on	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
there is not a gap in the connection	the terminals are not separated by a gap
bulb C is not in the same closed path as the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
because there is a gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
not contained insa me path	A and B have their own path
The switch determines whether the path is open or closed.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
A switch will affect a bulb it the bulb and the switch are in the path as the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
circuit 5 only has 1 terminal	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
there is a gap in the circuit	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
The bulb is in a closed circuit and the battery exists in that circuit	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
There is a gap between the postive terminal and terminal 1	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
When a bulb is damaged it creates a gap in the circuit	a damaged bulb creates a gap
positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
the other bulb will not light.	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
The positive battery is separated by a gap from terminal 3.	terminal 2 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
a closed circuit between a battery and bulb	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
because bulbs b and c are on a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
there is not gap between the terminals	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because there is a positive and negative connections	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
because it had no gap between the terminals	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
bulb b and bulb c are still contained in closed paths with the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
bulb b is a gap	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
the battery is not closed the bulb is.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
becuase it is in a closed circuit with itself and the bulb is not i the closed circuit	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
The path has to be closed in order for the bulb to be on.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 1 is not connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
a terminal is connected to the negative battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 are not connected	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
removing bulb a will affect bulb c	A and C are in the same closed path
there is a difference in electrical states	the terminals are separated by a gap
because it is still in a closed circuit	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
there would be a gap in the circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
The battery uses the chemical reation to create voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The switch is contained in the path	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
bulb is contained in closed path	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
a terminal has an electrical state where theres a chemical reaction	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
makes  a short circuit	the path is not closed
terminal 6 is connected to the difference	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
A switch contained in a closed path with a bulb and a battery will affect the bulb.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
because the positive terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
it is not in the same path.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
damaged bulb creates a gap.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the voltage is nearest the burnt out bulb	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
If Z is closed, A is still part of a complete circut.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
it is not in a closed path	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
it allows you to measure electrical states between terminals	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
there is no path through the connection of bulb b.	there is an incomplete circuit
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
"If the terminals at both ends of the bulb are the same, then it""s damaged."	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
circuit 5 is in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
B and C were still contained in a closed circuit with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
It will help find where the gap in the circuit is.	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
if bulb a burns out if affects bulbs b and c.	A and C are in the same closed path
the bulb is not contained within the path	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
there is no relationship between path bulb a and c	A and C are in different paths
when the switch is opened	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
"the battery terminals don""t connect without any devices"	the battery is in an open path
terminal is connected to postive end of battery	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
A battery will always have a voltage because the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals are always different.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulb b and bulb c are contain in the same closed path.	B and C are in the same path with the battery
because it opens the circuit, therefore the circuit is not closed	the path is not closed
because the battery is in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
The battery is connected to only one side of the bulb and is only running electricity back to the battery.	the battery is in an open path
Because neither components are in closed paths.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
switch X does not effect bulbs B and C	There is a path with B and C that does not include X
If there is an open switch in the path, the bulb will not be on.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb A will no longer be completing the circuts.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Switch Y is in a different path than Bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
there is no path through bulb b.	there is an incomplete circuit
close the path and match the terminals	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
still have connection to battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
it was a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
Because bulb a was contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
there is a difference between terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb c creates a gap	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
"There are closed paths that don""t include bulb A"	each bulb is in its own path
because there is a closed circuit after bulb b	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb C and the battery are not contained in a closed pathway	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
circuit 4 is contained in an open path	the battery is in an open path
That the circuit is bad.	there is a short circuit
the path was closed and connected to the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
"the terminal""s electrical state is not effected by the incomplete circuit."	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
positive battery seperated by gap from terminal 1	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
because the path has to be open	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
A and B are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
because there was a gap in the terminals	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
The positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from termnial one.	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb c does not create a gap in the path for bulb b and a	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
If the other bulb is no longer contained in a closed path with the battery	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
There is a gap after bulb b	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
both are on the same side of the circuit	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
the terminal are seperated by a gap when the bulb goes out	there is no gap between the terminals
the voltage of a battery does not depend on the components in a curcuit.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
The battery is contained in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
the battery has its own chemical reaction	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because terminal 1 had no gap.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb a and c are on a different path with the battery	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
It stops the flow of electricity.	there is an open path
because it blocks the charge of the circuit.	there is an incomplete circuit
it is a open circuit	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
it was in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
because terminal 1 and the neavtive terminal are seperated.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the positve battery terminal is separated by a gap at terminal 1	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The battery is in a closed path, not connected to the light bulb.	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
switch z is contained on a closed path	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
The voltage has the same electrical state between any two terminals.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
you can locate the gap in a connection	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
the battery in circuit 5 is contained in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
It makes the circuit incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
Because there is no gap at terminal 1	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because voltage is the difference in electrical states between two terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb A and B will still be in a contained path.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
terminal 1 and terminal 6 are seperated by a gap	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
if the switch and bulb are contained in the same path, the switch will affect the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because bulbs A and C are contained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
the batter is in a closed path without any other components.	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
switch z is contained in a closed path	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
yes bulb A was on	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
switch z contains a closed path with the battery	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
bulb a and bulb c are contained in different paths with the bttery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Because the batter termnal was not separted by a gap from terminal .	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
if the path is open the bulb will be off	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
It will locate the gap.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
Bulb terminals 3 and 4	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the terminals are not connected to each other	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
beacuse it was in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
a gap causes a chemical reaction	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
switch y is not in the same path as bulb a.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A is contain in a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
"there isn""t a closed path of the battery"	there is no closed path containing the battery
switch z is contained in a closed path with bulb a and the battery	there is a path containing A, C, Z and the battery
because bulb a is in a closed path, and bulb c is in a closed path.	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
Bulb A and C are contained in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
switch y is not on the same path to battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
A and B are off	there is an incomplete circuit
if switches X and Z are closed it will complete the closed circuit for bulb A	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
because bulb a can go through the other path	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
allows you to identify any gaps	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
Bulb a was in a closed path with a battery.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
An open switch stops the energy flow	the path is not closed
when it creates a gap in a certain path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulbs b and c were contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulbs a and c affect each other.	A and C are in the same path
there is a closed path to the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
because there is a gap in the connection between terminal 1 and terminal 6	There is a gap between terminals 1 and 6
it checks the electrical state between two terminals.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
Because the electricity will not flow through the wires if the circuit path is incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
Because it was connected to the positive side.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the battery is not in a closed circuit	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
A is in the same path as C	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
Find where there are different electrical states	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
there was a closed path not effected by the switch	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Bulbs a and b will still be contained in a closed path with the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
there is a gap in the path	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the switch being open or closed determines if the path is closed or not	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are on the same side of the damaged bulb	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
because the electrical states between the two battery terminals will be different no matter what	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the the bulb terminal disconnected from the battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
Because it opens the connection	the open switch creates a gap
Terminal 1 is seperated from the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because the paths were still in a closed circuit with the battery terminal	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
because bulb a is in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
"because  it isn""t contained in a closed path."	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
because the damaged bulb a creates a gap in the path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
there is a gap in terminal 1	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
a terminal is cnnected to the positive terminal	the terminals are not connected
because of the gap in bulb b	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
connected to the negative terminal	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
because of the gap in bulb b.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
when the switch is closed	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Because bulbs A and C were in a separate closed path	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
bulb a, bulb b, and bulb c are contained in differentclosed paths.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
The path contains the light bulb and the path is not closed.	There is no closed path
bulb b and bulb c are contained within a closed path	B and C are in the same path with the battery
Because the battery and the bulb are not in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
if the damaged lightbulb is contained in the closed circuit	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
the battery is not contained in a closed path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
It must be connected to the battery.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
bulbs A and C are not contained in the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path
measuring voltage between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal determines the gap in the connection.	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
Burned out bulb B will cause a gap in the closed path.	bulb B creates a gap
Because terminal 4 is connected to the negative terminal	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
The other terminals are only connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
switch x is contained in the same path as bulb a.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
The bulb and the battery are connected	the battery is in an open path
an incomplete circuit would not effect the the electrical state between the terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
becuase bulb C will be taken off the closed path when switch opens	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
Because it broke the circuit	There are no closed paths
terminal is connected to the negative battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
Bulb A and bulb C are in the same path.	A and C are in the same path
because x and z could be closed and bulb a will work.	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
there is a path way connecting to a bulb and battery	the battery is in an open path
Because the switch was connected to the closed circuit	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Bulb A and Bulb C are not contained in the same closed path	A and C are not in the same path
The positive battery terminal is seperated from the negative battery terminal	there is no gap between the terminals
a terminal is connected to differenet states	there is no gap between the terminals
it creates a gap in the circuit	a damaged bulb creates a gap
because terminal one and the positive battery terminal are on a closed path	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
it was contained within a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
There is still a voltage is the different terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the voltage is the difference between the electrical state of the terminals.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 was connected to a positive terminal 6.	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
you can find which bulb is burned out	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
there is not difference in eletcrical states	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Because there is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal	There is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal
there is a closed path, with switch z,  that contains bulb a and the battery	there is a path containing A, C, Z and the battery
Circuit 4 is not a short circuit because the battery is not contained in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Bulb a was in a complete circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there was no closed path with the battery	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
for the same reason as 1	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
The positive battery terminal was not separted by a gap from terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
if bulb B is damaged, the path will have a gap	bulb B creates a gap
there is a gap between the negative battery terminal and terminal 4.	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
the only component in the closed path is the battery.	there is no closed path containing the battery
bulbs a and c are contained in closed paths	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
circuit 4 does not have a closed path	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
gap in circuit at bulb B causes the voltage reading to be 0	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
a is in the same path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Because terminal 1 and 6 are connceted to the battery.	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
"Because the electricity can""t pass through"	the path is not closed
a gap in the circuit does not affect the voltage of the battery.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because a battery will always have a voltage even if it is 0	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the positive terminal and negative terminal are not connected	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
the battery was contained in a circut	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
because that created a closed circuit	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
a battery and a closed path	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
bulbs will be affected by switches that are in the path	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
it will turn it off	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Because the bulb is not longer in a closed circuit	there is an incomplete circuit
the battery is not connected in the closesd path	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
and the circut is closed	A and C are in the same closed path
if a path is connected to an oen switch, the bulb will be off.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
It must be in a closed circuit.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Bulbs B and A are still contained on a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
bulbs A,B, and C are all on the same path	A and C are in the same path
there is no closed path that contains the battery, bulb b, and bulb c	If bulb A burns out, there is no longer a closed path containing B, C and the battery
all the bulbs are on parralel paths	A and C are in different paths
terminal 6 is conncted to the positive terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
if switch x is open	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The terminals are connected to the opposite side of the battery	the terminals are separated by a gap
because if there is a voltage that means there is a gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the bulb is not conatined in a closed path	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
because there is a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb a is in the same path of switch x.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
Terminal 4 is connected to the positve battery terminal and terminal 4 is not seperated by a gap	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
1 2 and 3 are connected t neative	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
Because there was closed paths from the battery to the bulb	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there is a gap in the circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
Bulb A and B are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
terminal one is connected to the negative	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
Terminal 5 is connected to the postitive battery terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
because bulb c doesnt effect the other closed paths	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because bulb a was in a closed circuit with the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The path must be closed and contain the battery	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
circuit 2 is connected to the battery	there is no closed path containing the battery
Seperate paths connected to the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
The path does not close	the battery is in an open path
Bulbs A and C will still be on their own completed circuts.	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
bulb b and bulb c were in a closed circuit with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Bulb B and bulb C are still on closed paths with the battery.	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
"because by measuring voltage, you find the gap where there""s a difference in electrical states."	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
The gap causes a difference in electrical states.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulb b is not in the same path with bulbs a and c.	Bulb B is in a separate path
the switch is contained in a closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the bulb is not contained in a closed path.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
there is still a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulb c	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
the path only determines if a bulb is off when the switch is open	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
because you can find the difference in the voltage by measuring the gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
When it creates a gap.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states between two terminals	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
If the path is directly connected to the battery, then the switch affects a bulb.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
because switch z can be closed	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
terminal 1 and terminal 2 possess no difference	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
There are other closed path without bulb B	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
Because the positive batter terminal and terminal 6 were connected.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb c was not contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
bulbs must be in a closed path with the battery in order to work	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
bulb a and switch x are in the same closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
b and c are in a closed path with the battery	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
there was no gap in the circut	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because if bulb b is damaged, then there is no path through the bulb, creating an incomplete circuit	there is an incomplete circuit
bulbs B and C are on the same path as the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
The terminal is connected to a positive circuit.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb b and c are contained in the same closed path.	B and C are in the same path
"Well, it will have a voltage of zero, if that""s what you are asking."	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
it only has 1 connection.	the battery is in an open path
Bulbs are contained in an open path.	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
The battery is in the closed path	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
The electrical state difference tells you where the gap is.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
the bulb could be lit by having switch X and switch Z closed.	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
because the terminals are not connected	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
becuase the other terminals are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because terminal 1 is not seperated by any gaps	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulb C will create a gap in the path	each bulb is in its own path
There will be a gap in the circuit.	there is a gap in the circuit
because it creates a gap bewtween the battery and the other paths	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
"If the switch causes a gap in a closed path, the bulb won""t turn on"	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
switch x is in the closed path with bulb a	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
There is another path through Switch Z	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
contained within the same closed path	A and C are in the same closed path
There will be a gap at one point in time and there will be a voltage decrease so you know.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are separated by a gap.
Bulbs A and B are contained in closed paths with the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
An open switch impacts a circuit because it causes the path to be closed, therefore the connection cannot be made.	the path is not closed
If buld B is damaged that will create a gap.	bulb B creates a gap
bulb b and bulb c are contained in the same path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
Because there is a gap due to a damaged bulb.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
A chemical reaction inside the battery makes the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals different at all times.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The positive terminal is not seperated by a gap.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
1 2 and 3 are on thnegative side	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
because there was no separation in the positive battery terminal and terminal 1.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
It has its own closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
different paths with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
C is not within the same path as B	each bulb is in its own path
the is an open path	the battery is in an open path
terminal 6 is directly connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulbs A, B and C are on different paths	A and C are in different paths
if bulb c burns out a and b will both create circuts with the battery	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
when the switch is connected between the bulb and the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
battery is  in  a holder	there is a complete circuit
Its connected to the positive terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
the voltage of a battery is the result of chemical reactions within the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Electrical states between connected terminals will differ than those that are separated by a gap.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
because it creates a gap, so the circuit becomes incomplete	a damaged bulb creates a gap
Bulb B is in a independent path	Bulb B is in a separate path
becuase it can follow that path that switch Z is on	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
the closed path contains bulb A, bulb B, bulb C, and a battery.	A and C are in the same closed path
The ppositive battery terminal is connected in terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there will be a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
there was a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1.	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Because a bulb creates electricity.	there is an open path
there will be a gap at bulb b, thus affecting the rest of the circuit	bulb B creates a gap
there is always voltage even if there is a gap	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The A bulb is dead.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb C was in an incomplete path	Bulb C was not in a closed path
Because switch y does not affect the circuit that bulb a is on	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
because bulb a is connected to switch x and the battery is in a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
A terminal is connected to a bulb.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Because bulb A is connected to another path.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
"the electrical state difference between the battery""s two terminals"	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Only one terminal is involved in the circuit.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
has to do something with a gap	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because of the chemical in the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulb A is not in the same pathway as bulbs B and C.	each bulb is in its own path
Because the path connecting the bulbs will be damaged	there is a gap in a circuit
because the battery has its own electrical state within given by the lead	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
again, bulbs a and b will be contained on a closed path	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
A gap chause different electrical states with different voltages	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
because it was contained in a closed bath with the battery.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
the path has a gap, so the circuit is incomplete	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
complete path including a battery and a bulb	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
Because it buld A was in a closed path with a battery.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the path has to be closed	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
it contains a bulb and does not complete a full circuit to the battery	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
the terminal is connected to the negative terminal of the battery	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Because it is not on the same path	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
A battery should connect to a bulb in a closed path.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
bulb a has its own closed path with the battery, bulbs b and c do not	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
terminal 1 and the positive terminal are connected.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because there is no gap between the terminals	terminal 1 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
terminal 1 and 2 are connected to the negtive terminal of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
There is always a difference in voltage between two battery terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because the current can not reach the bulb if the circuit is open.	there is an open path
a batter uses a chemical reaction to create voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there was a gap in the circuit that C was on	Bulb C was not in a closed path
Terminal 5 is connected to the postive battery terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
When the switch is in the same papth as the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
that the bulb terminal and battery terminal are on the same side of a disconnected circut	The terminals are in the same state.
It tells you that it is connected to a positive battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
incorrect, or not a correct way to wire	there is a short circuit
There are 2 paths in this diagram	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
circuit has nothing to do with the batteries voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulb a was still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
it created a circut with the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
There has to be a closed circuit battery.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Bulb C is not contained in a closed path	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
Because the bulb does not have a closed path.	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
becuase breaking one  bulb then affects the ability of the others to light up.	A and C are in the same closed path
because terminal 1 is directly connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the battery will always have a voltage.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
both bulbs a and c still have a closed path	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
because terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal which has a 1.5 volt difference with the positive terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
A and B are on a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
the battery connects to the bulb	the battery is in an open path
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on a battery.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
the terminals are seperated from the positive terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
bulb a and bulb c are not on the same path as bulb B	A, B and C are in different paths
the terminals are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
bulb a affects bulb c	A and C are in the same closed path
bulb a was in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the positive battery terminal and terminal 5 are connected	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
its not recieving from either the negative or positive terminal	there is no gap between the terminals
by measuring you can find the gap which will show you which bulb is burned out	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
a damaged bulb causes a gap at the blub	a damaged bulb creates a gap
Terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
if a bulb and a switch are contained in the same closed path, the switch affects the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the bulb is contained in the bath	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulb c is in its own pathway	Bulb C is in a separate path
Bulb B, and C are still ina contained path.	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and C still had a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
the battery always has a voltage because there is a positive terminal and there is a negative terminal.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The positive terminal has 1.5 V	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because switch x is open.	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
you can see where the gap is	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the bulb is in a closed circuit	the battery is in an open path
not seperated by a gap	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
A terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
1 is connected to terminal 2.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
bulbs a, b, and c are all in the same path.	A and C are in the same path
the terminals are connected to each other	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
If the path contains the switch, the bulb is affected.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
If B burns out there will still be closed paths for the other 2	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
because voltage measures the difference between two points	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Because there is a gap.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
The battery and the bulb must be in a closed path together.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
there is a closed path	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
The difference between the electrical states is 1.5 volts	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The bulb takes away the path.	there is an open path
when it is in the same path as the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is no gap between the posittive terminal and terminal 1	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 4	There is no gap between terminal 5 and the positive terminal
bulb b and bulb c are still contained in a closed path with the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
It determines whether or not the light bulbs will turn on.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb C was in an open path,	Bulb C was not in a closed path
both bulbs B and C are in the same path as bulb A	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
There is no difference between the two terminals.	The terminals are in the same state.
Bulb a and switch Y are not in the same path.	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Bulb A is not on the same path that Bulb B and bulb C are.	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
It is being attatched to the wrong side.	there is no gap between the terminals
because 1.5 v is the difference between the positive terminal and terminal 1	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A red X means the battery is in a short circuit.	there is a short circuit
if the switch is open in a path with the battery and bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulbs b and are not in a closed path with bulb a	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulb a and bulb b are still in a closed path with the battery.	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
bulbs a and c are not in the same closed path as bulb b	Bulb B is in a separate path
If any bulb is out, it affects the whole system and everything is blocked from the battery.	each bulb is in its own path
because the terminals are in the same state	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Because it was contained in the battery that has a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because bulbs a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive side	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
If bulb B is damaged a gap is created.	bulb B creates a gap
It is an open path.	there is a short circuit
because the the circuit is complete.	the path is not closed
for the same reason as 3	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
because it was connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because bulbs a and b have their own closed paths	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
the path will have a gap	each bulb is in its own path
Because their is a gap between A and C now.	there is an incomplete circuit
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are the same	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected and in the same electrical state
the red x means that the circuit is not safe.	there is a short circuit
the battery connects with bulb a and b	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because it is not a closed circuit.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
When switch is open it creates a gap in the path.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
There is still a closed path that contains the battery, Bulb B, and Bulb C.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
damaged bulb b creates a gap	bulb B creates a gap
because it can travel by bulb c	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
there is still a closed path to the battery for bulbs b and c	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
4 5 and 6 are not connected to negative battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
It breaks the closed path.	the open switch creates a gap
if it is on a series with other bulbs	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulbs are on the same closed path	A and C are in the same closed path
B and C will no longer be contained in a closed path to the battery.	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
bulbs b anc c are on the same closed path with the battery but seperate from bulb a	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
"Because it didn""t cause a gap."	each bulb is in its own path
the terminal is connected to the battery	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
turning off one bulb will not turn off another bulb	A and C are in different paths
terminal 5 is connected to postive terminal of the battery	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
If the switch is contained in the same path with the Bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.	There is no gap between terminals 1 and 4
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the other terminals are connected to the positive terminal.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because there is no closed path	the path is not closed
The open switch makes the circuit incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
because it creates a gap in the circuit.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
Because bulbs A and C are on different closed paths with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
A is on a cloosed battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The light bulb must be connected to both sides of the battery and there must be a closed circuit.	there is a complete circuit
terminal 5 is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
Because it decides whether the bulb will be lit or not	the path is not closed
If a switch is open, the circut is no longer closed.	the path is not closed
bulb b and c are still in a closed path with the battery.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb a and c	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
the battery is connected to a bulb	the battery is in an open path
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are connected	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Because there was no difference	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
there was a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 2.	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
the closed path still existed for bulb A even though switch Y was open	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
positive is seperated from negative!	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
Because it is not in the same path.	There is a path containing A
there is no electrical states	there is no gap between the terminals
Bulb A was still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because it opens the circuit	there is an open path
Because it was still in a closed circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is conected to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
terminal 1 was connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The path may not connect a bulb to the switch.	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
you can determine is broken bulb is before a gap or after	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
Terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
if the switch is contained in a closed path.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
because there is a gap between terminal 3 and 4	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs A and B are not on the same path as Bulb C.	Bulb C is in a separate path
the path passes the energy through the switch	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
It was contained in a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
The open switch makes the path open	there is an open path
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulbs a b and c are on a closed path	A and C are in the same closed path
because all the terminals are connected to other terminals, an open switch disrupts that.	the open switch creates a gap
there was a gap in bulb B	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 5	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
the batter is contained in switch y	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
the difference electrical state will show the burnt bulb	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
There is no connection between the bulb terminal and the battery terminal.	the terminals are not connected
The battery is not in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
depends on whether it is before or after the bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is a gap in the circuit	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the negative battery terminal is connected to terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
There will be a gap in the path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Because the terminals are not in a closed path, so you are giving the voltage of the battery itself	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because it is measuring the difference in electrical states between two terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because of the gap at bulb b	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
switch Y does not affect the closed circuit of bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
electrical states will determine whether there is a gap or connection in the circuit	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
Because a closed circuit was formed.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
if the path is closed, the bulbs will remain on.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Because the voltage is the same.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
seperate paths connected to the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
bulb B becomes a gap in the circuit	bulb B creates a gap
If the switch and the bulb are in the same path.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
terminal 5 is connected ot the positive battert terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
because bulb A was still contained in a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because the outcome of the bulb will not affect each other	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
The battery is in a short circuit.	there is a short circuit
You can find where there is a gap	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
Becuase there are still 2 closed paths for the battery to send volts through.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Because these terminals all had a reading of 0.0 volts	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
there is a gap in the connection	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
it is in a closed path with the battery	there is a path containing A, C, Z and the battery
Bulbs A and B are contained in a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and bulb C are still on a closed path that contains the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the swithch affects the bulb if it is on the same path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
circuit 5 only has one terminal to the battery	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
"because the battery always has a voltage unless it""s dead"	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The battery is contained in a closed circuit and there is nothing in its pathway	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
Because it has two electrial states within itself.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulbs b and c were in a closed path with a battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
Bulb A and bulb b are still contained in closed paths with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
I guess because it is in the center.	Bulb B is in a separate path
because the two ends of the battery do not connect to one another	the battery is in an open path
The battery keeps a chemical reaction reaction.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
a switch will effect a bulb if it in the closed path to the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
Circuit 2 is not a closed circuit because the battery and the bulb are connected.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
the positive battery terminal is not connected	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
because bulb c was contained in an open path with the battery	There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery
a large one, if it is closed it will light up but if it is open it will not	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb A is on a closed circut path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
The bulb is only connected to that side of the battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
If the bulb is on the same closed path	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
One side is closed the other side is open.	the battery is in an open path
there is no closed path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulb a was contained on a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
positive and negative is seperate	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
It is a closed path.	there is no closed path containing the battery
It makes the circuit incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
bulb a and b will be on.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
there is a gap, so the terminals are connected to the negative side of the battery.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
the bulb in burned out	There is still a closed path
Terminal 4 is only connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
the battery and a created a complete circut	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The path determines if the bulb will turn on or not	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
it was connected to both terminals of the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there is a path from bulb to battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Through bulb A, bulb B is still contained in a closed path to the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
the battery is contained in a closed path	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
if switch and bulb are contained in the same closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulb c does not affect the path of a and b.	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
Bulbs B and C werer still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because the positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from  terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
gap between 3 and positive battery	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is no closed path in circuit 4.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
because the voltage doesnt change in the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because bulb A was still on a closed circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there is a gap at bulb b	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
it is on a closed path	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
A IS ON ITS ON PATH B AND C SHARE A PATH	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
There is a chemical reaction.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulb B and C will no be in a closed path with the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
still connected to the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
bulb a and c are contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulbs have to be contained in closed paths with the battery	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery without the y switch.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
bulbs b and c are contained in the same path	B and C are in the same path
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Switch Z is in the same path as bulb A	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
not contained inthe same path	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
bulb b and c are on a closed path to the battery	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
there are still complete paths to the battery for B and C	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Because the two terminals are connected	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
there was a gap in the terminal	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulb a creates a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
there was a gap from terminal 2 to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
There is a light bulb in the circuit	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
it was still on a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
There is a gap in the circuit.	there is a gap in a circuit
There is no path through bulb B	there is no closed path
Bulb C is in an indepedent path	Bulb C is in a separate path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
If the switch is in front of the path of a light bulb or not.	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
The bulb must be in a closed pathway containing the battery	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is a gap between the positive battery connection and the bulb terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
a gap causes a lost connection	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
The bulb is dead pr not connected to the battery terminal	there is no gap between the terminals
The electrical state is interferred with.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
because bulb c was in an open path	Bulb C was not in a closed path
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
because the battery has its own chemical reacion between the positive and negative tterminals it contains	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb a will light when it is in a closed path with the battery.	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
a switch is contained in the path	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because bulbs a and c have their own closed paths	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
the bulb creates a gap in the closed path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
open switch and broken bulb are the same	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
a terminal is connected to another terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb A and C are still in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
When the switch is in the same path as the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because each bulb has its own complete path	each bulb is in its own path
the battery is not conatined in a closed path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
there is still a closed path that contains the battery, bulb b, and bulb c	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the battery contains bulb a and b on a closed path	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
The positive battery terminal was not seperated by a gap from terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
terminal 6 is connected to terminal 1	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
bulb c creates a gap in the closed path.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
bulb a and bulb c are wired in parallel	A and C are in different paths
that the battery connection does not work	there is a short circuit
Short circuit or bad battery.	there is a short circuit
if there is a gap in the circuit there the bulb will not light up.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
terminal 1 and 2 have the same difference in electrical states	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
there is no gap between terminal 1 and the positive terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The path must be closed	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
it was connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
It has its own path connected to the battery	each bulb is in its own path
if it is in the same path as the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
circuit do not effect electrical state between terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The battery is connected to the bulb	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
there was a gap from terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
the battery is in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
Bulb A has a closed pathway	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
it depends on whether its an open or closed path	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
because the bulb is in a closed path	there is no closed path containing the battery
There is a difference in electrical states between two terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because terminal 1 is seperated from the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
When it is on the same pathway as the batter and the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because there is a difference in electrial states between the two terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because the gap provides separation to the terminals	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Because their was a connected circuit.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The are both connected the negative battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
there is a difference in electrical states	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected and in the same electrical state
bulbs b and c are contained in the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
There is still a closed path	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
the two terminals will both be 0	The terminals are in the same state.
those terminals are connected to the negative side of the circut	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
The damaged bulb B has left a gap in the path so the charge can not reach it	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
because it was in a closed circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal and terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
A closed path with a battery enables the bulb to be on.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the circuit needs to be closed	the circuit has a closed path
the bulb will be burned out because the terminals	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
The battery is in a closed path that does not contain any other components.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the bulb terminal and the battery terminal are separated by a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
not in the same path	Bulb C is in a separate path
the terminals are not connected	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
The bulb and battery must be contained in closed paths.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
because bulbs b and c are in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because there was a positive and negative connection	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
it was seperated by a gap from terminal 3	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
No electricity is being produced.	there is a short circuit
what i said was that he was working for someone else when his father died.	he was the first speaker of the house in history to be fined.
but that's ok with me.	and that's world wide.
hollywood will be required occasionally to cast english actors as good guys.	hollywood will also be required to cast english actors to play english characters.
so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his "friends" don't control is not hurting job growth?	| decisions based on evidence so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his "friends" don't control is not hurting job growth?
the denver post reports that swat team members encountered berlin in a stair well of an apartment building after the theft.	then there's the fact of there being no footage and the body being buried at sea.
insignificant to you maybe.	insignificant 20 bucks a week isn't?
sorry, agw has been proven.	agw has not been proven.
and this unemployment bill?	about the unemployment bill?
911skeptics.blogspot.com,	usconservatives.about.com.
for the last 66 days the entire american skimming effort has resulted in 600,000 gallons of oil skimmed.	according to the ships project manager, the entire american effort in 66 days has skimmed off 600,000 barrels of oil.
yeah, we love the troops the way michael vick loves dogs.	maher: america loves its troops 'the way michael vick loves dogs' | newsbusters.org
don't cook for him - he's a grown up.	don't worry about him - he's a grown up.
it was unclear why mauffray decided to send bell to jail on the prior charges.	for this reason they probably need to stay inside - unless they really change.
god, what does she know?	so, whom does the king stand for?
newt gingrich’s second wife dishes hard to esquire: his money woes, his philandering, his meltdown | tpmmuckraker newt gingrich’s second wife dishes hard to esquire: his money woes, his philandering, his meltdown | tpmmuckraker newt gingrich - marital affairs his campaign staff has stated that newt carried out multiple affairs during this time.	jackie battley and newt gingrich marriage profile -- marriage of newt gingrich and jackie battley newt gingrichs second wife dishes hard to esquire: his money woes, his philandering, his meltdown | tpmmuckraker newt gingrichs second wife dishes hard to esquire: his money woes, his philandering, his meltdown | tpmmuckraker newt gingrich - marital affairs in 1980, newt began a relationship with a woman he met at a political fundraiser, marianne.
this "plot" smells a rat.	not srs this "plot" smells a rat.
it has just start building up again, and is planning to go to the provinces.	it just caused california criminals to go to other states less stringent.
i don't know who you refer to, walter.	i just don't know what to do for the best!
yeah, we love the troops the way michael vick loves dogs.	maher: america loves its troops 'the way michael vick loves dogs' | newsbusters.org
but what i said to myself was "do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better?"	so ask yourself "do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better?"...i
you're so wired, you pick up am radio and people test their batteries in your ears.	you "honored" the dead by pestering a group of people who were interested in not creating any more dead?
also, she is getting quite demanding.	he is cutting spending.
and for people who have gone through that experience life is cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to others hotwater society trains our soldiers to kill in time of war and yet expects them to respect life in time of peace.	and for people who have gone through that experience life is cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to others : often, none of that seems to matter once they've been used as means toward achieving an end desired by the machine.
the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed" and yet i fought on the ground in viet nam.	the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed, was just too much for me.
you lie through your teeth and still get votes.	you call that an intelligent movement?
do you know who benefits from profits?	do you know who shareholders are?
2) when i said this-- "i think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism.	5) that dlowan sees this as a personal attack is stretching far too thin-- "i think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism.
that doesn't make any sense.	it just doesn't make sense.
i do think the safety net for the poor is currently fairly effective.	i don't know of anywhere in the us where there's actual abject poverty.
the last time tax receipts as a percentage of gdp were below 17% was in 1959 when they dropped to 16.2%.	the last time they were below 16% was in 1950 and 1949 when they were 14.4% and 14.5%.
ishallriseagain fucked around with this message at jan 04, 2012 around 06:06 every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.	every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.
that's why i can no longer support them.	i can no longer support them.
i said no you have to prove you can stop first.	do you have any family who can help you out?
claim: powell claimed that iraq was building long-range remote drones specifically designed to carry biological weapons.	claim: powell claimed that "unnamed sources" confirmed that saddam had authorized his field commanders to use biological weapons.
and the idea was to help people connect with volunteer opportunities.	and they would try and put people together with volunteer opportunities.
what point are you trying to relay?	what are you trying to say?
stick the cretins in with the people who have a high capacity for learning!	this is how the people on the right here treat truth.
2. im not sure if i can include my own thoughts surrounding decisions.	3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions.
yeah, we love the troops the way michael vick loves dogs.	maher: america loves its troops 'the way michael vick loves dogs' | newsbusters.org
that's why i can no longer support them.	i can no longer support them.
for the pro-life camp, they don't get off so easy from me, either.	for them, the morality or lack of it was not the question.
ok, thanks for the explanation.	thanks for the heads up.
that is why it sucks.	that is how it works.
for your advice guys!!	for your advice guys...my
both daughtes had to go to cafcass for inteviews.	but they did not ask for condoms.
but 11 rig workers have already died.	about 80% of them have already.
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.	that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.
i had a dream i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.	a little over a year later i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.
here's a link to an interview he gave about the spill.	that is what liberty is about, after all.
i just don't get this.	it just doesn't make sense.
"[o]ne thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya, his view of the brits, for example, very different than the average american," huckabee told host steve malzberg, the washington post reported.	and one thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya - his view of the brits, for example, very different from the average american.
i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,	[quote=trajan;4550118] i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,
guess what, there is no concise belief system of ows.	but that is if one is being honest.
libertarian lunkhead parroting the neocon/teabagger rhetoric...and	or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon/teabagger cousin's stupidity?
that's a substantial drop that you are choosing to ignore.	that's what laffer was saying and that's what you are choosing to ignore.
the jooz mushy has to be the odds on favorite.	mushy has to be the odds on favorite.
persecution has always existed, so you would have to implement something utterly new and radical to change human society for the first time.	she also told them to implement seal but they have not done this either.
you're not talking about current events.	you're talking about white house press releases.
you left out oil companies, braniac.	opec aren't oil companies, braniac.
this "plot" smells a rat.	not srs this "plot" smells a rat.
quebec terrorism has happened in the past, remember the flq?	who knows what has happened in the past, or what your dd has been told by others.
obama's approval ratings are hovering below 50%, yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row.	grief he's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row.
eventually we'll all be good with "a full time job with the feds."	i'm all good now i got a full time job with the feds.
the worst economic recovery since the great depression - forbes if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison.	if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison.
i know when one side tries to shut down the debate saying there is a consensus, they're lying.	i know what you're trying to do, but you should aim it at someone who takes the bait.
needs thinking about.	know what im talking about.
presi*dent obama would double it.	president obama would continue that trend.
the gop is fighting for freedom of choice.	so now it is a fight for freedom of choice.
cost-push inflation - when companies' costs go up, they need to increase prices to maintain their profit margins.	not to mention, the meds they give you tend to make the contractions stronger and more painful.
so now it is a fight for freedom of choice.	the gop is fighting for freedom of religion.
because gays are yucky and lobster tastes good peach must be busy.	because gays are yucky and lobster tastes good drinking already?
and i think you have a huge stake in believing that none of your actions have caused her any harm.	and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions.
japan surrendered unconditionally.	germany surrendered in april.
many times i can see the faces of the people i helped.	but i can also see the faces of the people i horrified..
the malaise and entitlement of generational poverty has to be overcome first.	the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy.
"why didn't we hear about the deficit during the bush administration?"	why didn't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled?
what is limbaugh's or beck's "intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration, or the president himself, and create an entire show about it?	moving on..."what is limbaugh's or beck's "intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration,..."
when madeline albright was appointed the first woman secretary of state, the media was euphoric.	i somewhat remember hearing on the news on the first (or second) day after his death that the compound was completed in the summer of 2010.
i'm serious about this.	i'm not sure about any of those.
given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.
this usually occurs in growing economies.	this is absolutely sickening.
i'm not talking about this year, maggie.	you're not talking about current events.
the gop is fighting for freedom of religion.	the left is fighting for freedom of choice.
well they already are taught about homosexuality in schools.	the reality is it is not anyone's focus to actually improve the schools.
mr brown said he had asked the cabinet secretary, britain's most senior civil servant, to arrange support for all parties that might be involved in talks over a possible future coalition government.	"i have asked the cabinet secretary to arrange for the civil service to provide support on request to parties engaged in discussions on the formation of government."
and you have a problem with this?	i have no problem with that.
you want me to involve my lawyers if you don't pay me my bonus?	you just completed another sweater and you don't know how to knit.
for the last 66 days the entire american skimming effort has resulted in 600,000 gallons of oil skimmed.	according to the ships project manager, the entire american effort in 66 days has skimmed off 600,000 barrels of oil.
- video shows usda official saying she didn't give 'full force' of help to white farmer date says 7/20.	- video shows usda official saying she didn't give 'full force' of help to white farmer try to read the entire thread before post, as it will make you appear less silly.
read a little deeper in the wikipedia article.	you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying, my friend.
does anyone know anyplace else?	does anyone know if this is possible??
that is why it sucks.	that is how it works.
they should be in washington because that's where all the real problems are.	any objective person can see that is what you all are doing.
i have to say im bad and have called in sick before when i wasnt really sick.	i have called in sick when i wasn't cat...not
the entire caribbean ocean has been poisoned.	the entire caribbean poisoned?
* reverse "citizen's united" and put elections back in the hands of the people.	sometime rights come into conflict and they need to be resolved.
only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article.
presi*dent obama would double it.	president obama would continue that trend.
you soak your dentures in coffee overnight.	you could kill an entire police force.
the obama administration?	the bush administration put them back in.
the pie is getting larger, but your piece of it is shrinking too fast.	they are merely retaliating to whatever our politicians throw at them!
the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps.	the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection.
by the way, the truth of the super committee negotiations is that the democrats didn't off one single plan.	i'd say the precedent was set when the democrats gave clinton a pass for lying under oath.
why do you hate america so much?	why do you think that commandment is there?
the politics of congress).	that is how it works.
the official spoke on condition of anonymity because the crash is still being investigated.	the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said he was receiving his information from an afghan officer in kabul.
the problem is, that i don't really have a life plan but i am the sort of person who likes to have things fairly planned out.	he would drive and i would come along just in case they wanted to hire us to carry things for them.
does not have the vision or the courage to sustain a program like apollo.	doesn't have the vision to "sustain" apollo?
the result is that there is no practical incentive for 75 percent of the senators to work across party lines.	and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices.
people forgave clinton for the lying because the question never should have been asked in the first place.	no need for lawyers because the strings are pulled so that they aren't ever charged in the first place.
big government needs to be booted out of these personal social issues.	but over the years we have sort of thrown a blanket over presidential private lives.
i'm not just talking about accumulated wealth.	if not, stop talking about due process.
dyslexia, thanks for your honest appraisal.	- ronald reagan thank you all for your input.
you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.	you've worn the finish off your coffee table.
they "have" fox because fox news reports on newsworthy events.	i saved up for it because i knew i was going to need it.
a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason.	my understanding of a "bubble" is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite
it's because the right, that party of "morals", don't have "low" standards.	quite simply because they're pissing on the graves of those who died.
i'm right there with you.	i'm having trouble with you analogy.
no one forced you to go to the peace rally.	your chest does not touch the walls, you just lean into the place where the walls meet.
so you agree that if only 10% of what hacks like you say were true then our wonderful country would have folded in 1777?	like i said earlier, if only 10% of the horseshit you rightwing bitches said were true then our wonderful country would have folded like a cheap suit in or about 1777.
this is not uncommon.	all of this is just awful.
then, they hear the prosecution case - vote again - less harsh sentence.	then they hear the defence - plus get an education about the principles of sentencing.
i know when the only solution is to spend trillions for minimal, unproven benefit, i know the liar is a leftist.	i believe that the iran issue is more of an israeli problem then it is of the usa or the western world.
you will cease playing american football.	further, you will stop playing baseball.
most of the crap is made off.	about 80% of them have already.
however, i have included my objections and concerns i raised at the time and why i objected.	3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions.
if they have a problem with performing or providing certain services that are part of that business model, then maybe they shouldnt be in that business to begin with.	i was telephoned by a police officer who performed the indentification part of the process for the coroner then explained he would come round and take my statement.
thank you for pointing me foster.	thank you for your concern pelastration.
i'm not wrong," the outspoken comedian went on a vulgarity-laden two-minute rant against republicans and the troops.	i'm not a huge fan, but i have to give credit where credit is due and he's wiping the floor with the republican field in these debates.
so, he is a 'self made man', if you want to quibble over that, fine.	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.
he might be killed and that would be even harder on israeli pr.	it might not be even his fault.
after the first bomb was dropped they made an offer with 4 demands.	for the first 1-2 years he hated me going out with my friends.
this year's assessment is $147k, just 13 years later.	the last time i saw her i was 12 years old.
i agree with there goes trouble.	i am done with this thread.
just because she had a small problem related to drinking and driving is no reason to throw the book at her.	the story that a soldier related to larry king about how he died is now known to be a false.
recession is when a neighbor loses his job.	depression is when you lose yours.
always knew newt could tear it up in a debate.	any assistance would be much appreciated.
you don't tan, you roast.	you don't get mad, you get steamed.
also, sas uses a very soft, lined leather for the uppers.	also, are you a member of a church or faith?
wtf are you babbling about?	wtf is that all about?
even police have to take time off work, not zimmerman, he's suddenly the victim.	and could have quite legitimate reasons for not wishing to have any further contact with you.
the ows are just a bunch of spoiled kids that want great pay w/o the education or effort it takes to get it.	they are all a bunch of spoiled kids, or whiny adults that want other people to take care of them.
it is irrelevant that race is not a valid biological phenomenon as long as it is an observable phenomenon.	being an american is not a valid biological phenomenon either, yet, all of you consider yourselves americans.
besides, what i do is worse.	that is how it works.
when are the pigs going to realize that the shit they are handing out will be shoved straight back in their faces?	perhaps they are starting to realize that the president isn't a cure-all for a damaged economy.
president obama would continue that trend.	president obama is doing a bang up job.
it's a very good idea to have a former ecb man in the job.	i never got a birthday or xmas card, let alone anything else.
did i say i excused it?	where did i say it did?
people still care about what happened, i do.	people get dizzy just watching you.
i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.	man, you socialists/progressives really are lost.
perhaps you would care to offer an alternate theory.	perhaps you should just keep your eye on the situation and see how it goes.
ok, thanks for the explanation.	thanks for the heads up.
i might not like the answer, but i know i do have to find out.	it looks like it can be brought under control now that it's capped.
did anybody else find this disturbing?	does anyone else find that astonishing?
this is not rocket science.	so i'm not much help.
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.
sadly, by then we had already lost the political war on the streets and campuses of the united states.	it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.
libertarian lunkhead parroting the neocon/teabagger rhetoric...and	or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon/teabagger cousin's stupidity?
so, i got an e-mail back from jack layton (leader of the ndp) today.	and i did get a check from my dad when he passed away.
where were the "tea partiers" in late '08!!!!?????	but where were the public tea parties!!!!!!!!!??????
ah well, at least it proves that we don't agree with corporal punishment.	all of the reasons that we left madison are catching up with us, sadly.
the anti-semites and nazis, we're already familiar with.	the career conspiracy exploiters and the lunatics they exploit, we're already familiar with.
i think there are a number of high-profile crimes where criminals are held long long after the point where they are a danger to anyone.	i've yet to hear anyone exonerate loughner of his crimes on the grounds that the media, not he, was solely to blame.
romney: well, he didnt have as much as i think some people anticipated.	romney: well, i dont think he had as much as some people might have imagined.
the bomber detonated his explosives, killing naeemi and two others, police said.	take away their method of making money and they lose their power.
he now wants to go to court for a contact order.	someone needs to go to jail for that one.
answer - you didn't read the nyt or wapo or the internet?	all you did is demonstrate your complete ignorance.
do you even pay attention to current events?	you're not talking about current events.
i still hurt the poor guy.	he still hasn't to this day.
there is no voice of the people.	those are just some of the issues.
they just regulate the pasteurization process.	this has never been a secular nation, ever.
maybe they don't want to whip up hatred for the sake of ratings?	maybe they don't like race baiting?
six months is the minimum recommended by financial planners.	add into it the disruption of their financial connections.
rslw: because they are horrible, fascist skin head brutes.	vor: you don't think of them as horrible, fascist brutes?
in this instance, i chose the wrong words in my analogy of the situation.	the court must take into consideration the technology of the times in their ruling.
i was really surprised by this.	it really is everything.
i don't like seeing people suffer and something needs to change but how can we go about forcing it?	>>>> i don't think the government need to recognize anything as pertains to marriage.
where were the "tea partiers" in late '08!!!!?????	but where were the public tea parties!!!!!!!!!??????
in that speech he claimed the murder rate in flint michigan had more than doubled already.	the jihadists have little hope of being able to hijack any more planes so easily.
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 and now your ossiah is going to double that.	government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration's fiscal year.
my dad voted bnp cause immigrants keep taking his jobs...	we don't have sugar cane climate here in the u.s..
you need to talk to your gp again.	you need to take action and you need to take it now!
7 comments weigh in corrections?	do you know what a forecast is?
obama's approval ratings are hovering below 50%, yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row.	grief he's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row.
if that’s the case, apparently regulators disagreed.	"republicans deregulated osha and the epa" osha and epa are regulatory agencies.
i mean, being a history student..	being a university student.
"watching the first fight i saw that manny pacquiao was getting tired, and i wasn't.	at the same time, an asian summit is being held in a tourist resort.
in syria, 90% of the people are levantine arabs; the rest are kurds, armenians, turkmens, etc. since the kurds are concentrated in the northeastern sliver of the country, if the state falls i could see them making a bid for independence, or autonomy, or union with iraqi kurdistan.	in syria, 90% of the people are levantine arabs; the rest are kurds, armenians, turkmens, etc. you say that as if "levantine arab" was some sort of cohesive ethnic group in syria.
like 99.99% of your idiotic questions, it doesn't deserve an answer for its fatally flawed premise.	that was a stupid question and didn't deserve and answer..
what are you trying to say?	wtf are you babbling about?
"if everyone was the same it would be boring" why exactly would it be boring?	if she were here with you now do you think she would want you to be so very unhappy?
our country is supposed to be a nation of laws and not men, right?	what happened to america being a nation of laws and not men?
is a bank going to help you when you don't even have a job anymore?	is a bank going to invest in a community that has been wiped out?
where were the "tea partiers" in late '08!!!!?????	but where were the public tea parties!!!!!!!!!??????
i notice it just as much on these forums as i do anywhere else on the internet.	if you doubt it, just look at the ideologues they put on the thing.
driving on an icy road and wrecking isn't a federal problem until it affects thousands of people.	every winter driving on icy roads affects thousands of people.
you grind your coffee beans in your mouth.	your husband sounds lovely, lean on him.
obama's approval ratings are hovering below 50%, yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row.	grief he's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row.
augh, why do people have no respect for anyone anymore.	the people have a right to know!"
the teacher was a bit surprised.	there was no surplus.
we explain that to our tempos when they apply with us so they understand the importance of always being reachable..to	explain to me, in detail, and using the small words you can understand, how that is not an example of a self made man.
my understanding of a "bubble" is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite	a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason.
the proper course was taken about nagasaki and hiroshima.	the problem is us, through and through.
i can't carry on as i am, so i do need to know what his long term intentions are.	i don't mean to be dense, but why do you have to find out what his long term intentions are?
about james okeefe and acorn?	what about javier solana?
it worked in the snyder case.	that is the entire case.
and even tho sunni man and i often disagree, i like him personally.	friends often say i'm lazy, and i can't disagree a lot of the time.
if your problem is with the banks,then sue the banks and try to get some money out of them.	sue them and try to get some money out of them.
the trotskyist's obsession with evil big business exploiting the poor worker is way off the mark!	the net result would be devastating to the poorest of the poor.
just remember he loves you.	i just remember tumbling down.
i'm talking exxon, shell, bp...	i'm not talking about this year, maggie.
omnicarus fucked around with this message at jan 04, 2012 around 05:58 the bigger question is, why do people continue to do business via paypal?	ishallriseagain fucked around with this message at jan 04, 2012 around 06:06 every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.
you can feel two contradictory things at once unfortunately.	you want to come back as a coffee mug in your next life.
i rang him at 5.30am to see where he was, no reply.	sent him a text asking him to let me know he was ok, no reply.
have you noticed how there are bugger all books about the conservative party?	what makes you think they are our equal now or anytime in the forseeable future?
good luck social security has nothing to do with marriage.	actually social security does have something to do with marriage in the way it (ss) is administered.
chad dunn, the lawyer for the texas democratic party, said now the county must get preclearance from the justice department before using the machines.	he was made redundant just before he moved to the states so he would have received a lump sum from them (plus extra money for having two children).
it's like being against hammers.	he's not ranting against the troops.
summer of 1967 becomes the national director of operation breadbasket.	1984 founds the national rainbow coalition.
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 and now your ossiah is going to double that.	government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration's fiscal year.
i mean 40% of the world is living under $2 a day.	how they can claim the father of the soldier is a public figure is absurd.
the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy.	the gravy train really is all out of gravy.
and in the end, bush's poll numbers were circling the drain because of his spending...	point me in the direction of all those tea baggers who were out there screaming about the bush deficit spending.
just can't stop feeling this way.	wish i could stop thinking this way.
and yes the two bombs ended the pacific war, with out them we would have been forced to invade them.	sadly, by then we had already lost the political war on the streets and campuses of the united states.
his partner said, "i can't shoot up there.	and the hunter said, "shoot up here amongst us.
perhaps they are starting to realize that the president isn't a cure-all for a damaged economy.	still trying to believe that the world is a zero sum game?
interestingly, both sides rejected an offer to order the remaining "sleeping" protesters out of building.	why would walker's cronies reject an offer to order the "sleeping protesters" out of the capitol?
we never considered any of those bulk mail ones we get in the mail---they all seem to shady to me and often have incorrect info in them.	however, an article i read in the most recent edition of reason magazine seems to paint a more realistic picture.
driving on an icy road and wrecking isn't a federal problem until it affects thousands of people.	every winter driving on icy roads affects thousands of people.
other parts of the study's methodology is flawed.	your comparison of the bush years with the clinton years is a joke.
time to get the government out of the bedroom.	sue them and try to get some money out of them.
that’s normally the case.	that is the entire case.
my understanding of a "bubble" is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite	a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason.
it was left up to them to decide whether the first amendment applied.	the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection.
• gordon brown has said that it is his "duty" to try to form a stable government.	in the past he has said that the party that wins should have first right to try to form a government.
they lined up to insist that the government had to change direction if the party was to win a fourth term.	he lauded the improvements achieved [in the past] nine years [..],
has there even been any criminal investigation?	there's not even an investigation.
and that really hurts and i've had enough.	and thats about it - dont know more than that.
wtf are you babbling about?	wtf is that all about?
'poof' disappears: just because they don't show it to you.	don't want to read and run but i don't know what to say.
i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.	man, you socialists/progressives really are lost.
is the director still there when you pick up your dd?	at our center, the director is the last one out the door.
the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy.	the gravy train really is all out of gravy.
i'm not going back to work until after she leaves so we can actually do things.	i am no bleeding heart - well, i am - but it bleeds for both sides, actually.
how'd ya like that rant?	how old is that program?
they will be tarred, feathered and run out of town on a rail.	this is what we all feared was going on anyway.
dumbshit- who is threatening whom here?	i do see what you are saying tho.there
i have had several pothole incidents with my 19" shod bmw.	the japanese had several negotiated settlements on the table.
i think it's a case of giving my dad the account number so he can start transferring money to it, then telling the credit card companies the account details so they can take it out - i really don't know how it works.	in that case paypal refused to unfreeze the account and also refused to transfer the money to the red cross because of a business deal it had made with united way.
and your level of expertise in this field is?	and you have a problem with this?
great move having government take over loans and reduce the payment.	insurance with one that offers it or take insurance with one thayt doesnt.
in the end bernard fall may have been right.	the old man was a strange enigma.
and i was invited to step on the board and work with the points of light foundation.	and yes the two bombs ended the pacific war, with out them we would have been forced to invade them.
insurance with one that offers it or take insurance with one thayt doesnt.	we once got home just as it got too dark to see without a flashlight.
how well are the chinese managing their economy?	are the "sheep" really buying into this?
you're prabably expecting an emotional plea.	you are a dishonest and mindless hack...
was the motivating factor jealousy, or perhaps anger at the woman who replaced his mother, or was there abuse of the boy on the part of the father or girlfriend?	mass media are a good mirror to show how much a life is worth or worthless for them in different parts of the world.
we should abolish medicare and the va.	they should just amend the house rules...stop
dh leaves tonight for work travel.	do you have to go back to roosevelt?
because then he would come to the conclusion that you would be the only one able to do that for him and possibly not accept anyone else to help.	i asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible.
does anyone know if this is possible??	how is that possible?
he seemed ok when talking about islam...but	wtf are you talking about?
none of it would exist if it wasn't used to reduce weight on our spacecraft.	one would think they would run with the story, but they haven't.
i checked with my doctor first, because i didn't want to compound the injury.	i saved up for it because i knew i was going to need it.
which is why something like 80% of anti-choice activists are men.	they might be hiding him or something, in which case what is the problem?
i have something to say to these heteros.	you must have seen zona's post on the other thread.
it is a democracy with regular changes in government many of them due to coup.	i think it's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this.
people are just standing in lines waitin' to become teachers.	are you just being a stupid crank with this neocon/teabagger bs?
i'll be interested to read the particulars of the study when they become available.	in the 60s i went to the east coast because that is where the power center is located.
i find him entertaining as all hell (in two minute bursts).	friend has the nerve to tell him to "man up".
"global warming doesn't mean every year will be warmer than the last.	doesn't matter, that will just be obama's fault as well.
sorry, you just don't.	sorry for your loss, this could be handy.
my brother went balisitic at the person he thought told me she was visting as 'it was none of my business'.	here is yet another reason why we should also get out of afghanistan and cut our losses.
although i can remmeber walking through a neighbors house and it was filled with exotic birds.	i also remember the carpeting in that house, as light blue, though my mother says it was light green.
for these women, the pill serves no preventative medical purpose whatsoever.	florsheim's women shoe stores were called thayer mcneil.
kid gloves for a guy who just shot someone else to death.	i wanted to be free to tell someone to go to hell.
sorry for such a long waffly post - any ideas would be much appreciated!	any help would be much appreciated.
when they found the bomb, they first thing to do was to track it back to who sent it.	i haven't found the nerve to ask my aunt about it.
they gave wall street all that taxpayer cash.	you haven't answered that yet.
what a tremendous leader he is in this time of great fear.	what happened to america being a nation of laws and not men?
am wondering weather to sleep in the spare bedroom tonight!	something rather strange happened last night.
(the reference includes a photo of the event.)	the rioters are pretty focused on the police and the president.
i remember in the fifties conservatives did not want flouride added to the water because flouride turned people into communists.	misrepresented stelow's position so i'm replacing it with: you answer the door before people knock.
here's an novel idea:if you don't like the idea of being shot at, don't become a cop.	there are some things you don't need to be told since they are so bleeding obvious?
i believe this to be a case of apples and oranges.	there has to be a present risk of harm, editec.
he could not work for 10 years due to how bad his body suffered.	that would be me for 40+ years (except for the feet first part).
ask yourself what you look for in a friend too.	i went out & found new friends.
you are not aware of the legal obligations of a lease and who would be responsible for the adherence to local ordanances?	to the bitter end, the official position of the clinton administration was that it couldn't say for sure who was responsible for the cole attack.
are they not a media company interesting in keeping the populate updated on the latest and greatest and hottest news?	actually, the whole "contraception" drum is being pounded by the liberals in an attempt at gotcha politics.
i've never been happy with that, and a name brand physical therapist confirmed my impression.	i've never seen any other child kept after school.
their news coverage has covered it...	this is the wrong thread for this.
it's people who make the precision parts the robots are made from.	it's not the catastrophe that was reported and fishing boats are heading back out.
i had tried that, and it just says restore, close, minimize.	i tried to call and there was no answer.
if you ask a lib i'm sure they will be happy to lamblast coulter..	you say you like the plan to abolish czars.
i've read so many 9/11 conspiracy theorist threads i'm practically an expert.	i've seen some debates where krugman's opponent had him practically in tears.
the verses above from leviticus are in a section of the bible that lists immoral acts and the penalties for them.	the rioters are pretty focused on the police and the president.
when i first crate trained her, i slept/stayed within sight of her until she got comfortable with me being away.	when i got to our bedroom i noticed oh's safe which is screwed to the wall at the bottom of our wardrobe was missing.
governments exist for a reason.	7 comments weigh in corrections?
in fact, it has not even been elevated to the level of a theory.	in fact, it is about as possible as affording cobra.
i saved more than 50% of my disposable income for law school.	i'm so sorry to hear of your losses, mos and bogof.
that is what we're up against and must compete on a global scale.	this is what we all feared was going on anyway.
for instance if we made cars without robots it would take 10x the manpower to produce what we now produce.	of course they are because without the "expansion" they have no argument.
and in the center of all this, leader of the seperatist group bloc quebecois, gilles duceppe.	but in the case of the park 51 mosque, he seems to do a complete backflip.
officials at the senate press office said that in the vast majority of cases the full chamber follows the recommendations of the commission of laws.	their point is that the embryo is a human being and is therefore subject to all the rights and protections of the constitution.
that only leads to hate and violence.	ya think he wanted to hire new people?
for the last 2-3 months he has been spending time with a "lady friend".	you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying, my friend.
to them it was good enough.	so that is the end of that.
am i obliged to inform them regardless?	how did you get in the camp?
just another bit of that graph thats false.	other parts of the study's methodology is flawed.
then i would probably calm down and listen.	i put the words they probably said...
oil is washing up north of miamui beach on the east side of florida.	in fact, watching fox will tell you the exact opposite of what you are claiming.
i don't think most british people are too lazy to work but i think they have unrealistic expectations of work.	i don't think most brits want to start at the bottom and do tedious low paid jobs before they get the experience to climb up the career ladder.
being gay does not equal reproductive dysfunction.	seeing g go was a real eye opener.
and yet cops and firefighters, as emplyees of government, are under attack because of their pay and benefits.	if the death was a sham, then this wouldn't be the first time governmetns have used propaganda stories for their benefit..
but, the nations we are fighting in now are islamic and that is a whole other scenario entirely.	but the death penalty bill was passed after the fact and so manson and his gang will have the luxury of living in prison till they die.
i'm all good now i got a full time job with the feds.	i know i don't want to be in this relationship.
it's not your fellow citizens' responsibility to do that.	but don't demand your fellow citizens pay for your own mistakes or problems with banks.
consistency is not exactly revere's hallmark here.	it does not matter what your sexual preference's are.
another is that when the government orders a military member through permanent change of station orders (pcs) to relocate from one place to another the military sponsors the spouse to travel and relocate to the new base with their spouse.	for the first time the government's agenda from outsourcing the writing up of patients notes to south africa to asking district nurses to make a "business case" for helping patients has angered everybody in the profession.
so medical wise there is nothing that would make the dr think that there will be problems.	when they post the 2010 numbers, that will be obama's.
they hate the people that is going to be their future i go when there is a job for me.	perhaps they are starting to realize that the president isn't a cure-all for a damaged economy.
the nba is a classic example of a government enforced monopoly.	that is what the founders of the movement intended.
it is two strange counter-productive activites.	i have other priorities.
then, that the warming was natural and that greenhouse gases weren't causing the change, and also that "warmth is better."*	i don't think a "national" minimum wage makes any sense, since the purchasing power varies wildly from state to state.
i just needed the courage to ask for his help as he is very 'old sch'.	at our center, the director is the last one out the door.
i wonder how this will pan out.	and he spent his money on things he cared about.
he is unique in that he wasn't elected to office.	he's brought dignity back to the office.
the teaser on national public radio mentioning that tomorrow (wed) during morning edition there will be a story on the minimum wage.	also mentioned that the bush administration is not in favor of raising minimum wage.
actually, it's people who build the robots since not enough are being made tocreate an assembly line.	basically it's a kind of incitment to riot and it ought to be illegal.
why do you hate america so much?	kind of like america, i guess.
neocons have been mistaking the elephant's shit for the elephant.	she does excellent work in the middel east.
obviously all parents are going to be incredibly concerned.	but our parents said "oh no, it was an accident".
i think cutting the nonessentials would be fine...but	i think you're missing the entire point.
you have to watch videos in fast-forward.	you name your cats "cream" and "sugar."
because most of them are like john gotti - only in the sense they should have the moniker teflon in front of their names - because nothing is ever their fault and nothing ever sticks.	however, i went to see them to review his iep and they said he has huge concentration issues (amongst other things) and they cannot get him to sit and write more than 3 lines.
the true heroes will be ones that bear the burden of 40 years of political discourse.	we are the home of tesla motors that only the "sean penns" of the world can afford.
that's how i would feel supported.	it has now been lifted.
you have made a claim, that japan offered to surrender in 1945 numerous times before either bomb was dropped.	the lie that japan was ready to surrender is revisionist history.
but i can also see the faces of the people i horrified..	the dialogue from the movie in your head.
you're better off without him in your life, and you'll have a life.	you are not married to him - you are still living at home.
it's not because he is stupid, it's because there is so much faith and so little critical thinking in his rantings.	i am not a fan of autobiographies because they contain so much information i don't care about.
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration's fiscal year.	like the "housing" bubble at the beginning of the bush administration.
in one instance your side states that businesses are not hiring.	i think you're missing the entire point.
do adults have their pay halved for 1 mistake at work and then get no pay at all if they make 2 mistakes?	how about when the bush administration broke the law and engaged in warrantless wiretaps.
no one really concerned about it, until now.	it is all about the entitlements.
they can negotiate their own contract without having to carry the fat, lazy, uneducated, low skilled and dependent union worker.	others have the right to their opinions as always, we don't have to agree, and there's little chance we ever will agree.
what are government officals going to do to make sure that everyone does their part in this.	we have traffic laws that exist for no reason other than to fine motorists.
vor: how many foreign people have the bnp murdered in the name of the bnp?	hopefully you have been declaring this income to the taxman?
why am i being like this!!!	me: i'm getting married!!!
the dont identify me as a real preson,..	governments exist for a reason.
generally, i don't rely on google as a solid sole source for 'research'.	hell, i didn't even mention the fact that rich people can afford better legal counsel.
or keep risking the enviornment?	am i missing something here?
those events may have expedited smiling buddha, but the test was going to take place anyways, sooner or later.	the tories have picked up 92 seats but the swing is not enough to give them an overall majority.
now its 95% certainty.	he is 5 and in year 1.
all that takes "education".	and that's the truth.
i recommend a good polysci/history course.	i mean, being a history student..
we always went to the back seat.	so we wanted to be alike.
i guess this is a last plea for help and guidance, before i do something silly.	i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird.
i just tried to breath deeply through all of my fears to help.	you just have to think what you want, it may seem tough on others.
some of the most expensive violins in the world have disputed labels, but they are works of art nonetheless.	i tried on several occasions to get written replies but they were never forthcoming.
rslw: look, you are trying to put words into my mouth, you are obviously a racist who...	2) so you are saying that it wasn't worth it if it went over a certain cost.
but then it became all about the entitlement attitude.	not the same as the estate tax at all.
presidential philandering is not new.	they never get presidential attendence do they?
debt slavery here's what class warfare looks like!	debt slavery here's a hint.
now to address your question on what we plan to do is simple; we as individuals cannot do much.	i would still say that evolution is for a species or population as individuals can't and don't evolve.
he was arrested after agreeing to meet with her jan. 12.	he was sentenced to life at age 14 but it has been overturned.
you right wingers are something else.	it was a long summer.
i have lost many gay friends in the 80's and 90's.	i have also just realised my wife is now in the exact same situation.
no need to tell them at all.	no one really wants to talk about anythiing else.
i know exactly how you feel.	i come back home to my family.
but to my knowledge they haven't used it, at least since i have lived here.	but over the years we have sort of thrown a blanket over presidential private lives.
waiting for an attack sounds like israel's mo.	this is starting to sound like a mantra.
it would be posted on the internet for a few days, and into the past it will go.	isnt the point of treatment to make the patient feel better?
hear a different perspective each time.	but when i went the first time.
it really is everything.	it is all a criminal enterprise.
boy you dummies are dumb..	for your advice guys...my
by the time he'd seen them, he agreed with me that they were across the line.	but there is nothing that you are willing to do that will rectify the problem.
the team has since changed their name.	even though you cannot name a single murder carried out in their name?
does anyone even take this garbage seriously these days?	does anyone know if this is possible??
the idlest of the idle rich invest money and help other hard working people get ahead.	the world's largest oil skimmer has sat immobile for weeks on end as the bp oil leak gushed.
obviously wichita police are not smart enough to catch him.	most christians do not hate gay's, they hate the sin.
they're faced with facts.	they're pretty inexpensive.
again, we appreciate your desire for a sovereign canada.	this is england, we are a 3rd world dumping ground for some reason..
just sounds like you're blaming everyone else for your own mistakes.	if we could only learn from our mistakes!
this thing has gone just exactly as the democrats hoped.	mostly because i am not defending the democrats in congress.
i also had to buy a new tv for the house as our old one we had for 17 years and broke.	i always thought the house had to be sold before you could divorce.
i think he's probably dead, but i do also think that there is a possibility that the americans have captured him and are keeping it quiet.	it would probably be at least as true to say that those who work the hardest are paid the least.
i think i have a thing for blonde women...anyhow,	it is a great thing to do.
- obama has made good on most of his campaign promises (as reported by politifact).	made good on his campaign promises which ones?
for all the hype it has really led nowhere in particular, so "m-theory" has evolved from it.	i'll be interested to read the particulars of the study when they become available.
as for the forensics, do you think the world works like csi?	ah...so the god with the most believers wins?
and i like his plan for his first executive order as president to be abolishing all "czars" in the federal government.	but what i'd have gone for in your situation would be a registry office wedding with two witnesses and a party in the evening.
to me its fine, if the suspect has to make a choice, ie leave his home and go to a location, then i don't really care if he is encouraged.	the first baptist church in his hometown had to take up a collection to support the family gingrich had deserted.
millions of deads always followed the empires...	the whole world was astonished and followed the beast.
warning - some info might be tmi.	things will get better.
your life's goal is to amount to a hill of beans.	get your head out of ron paul's ass, will ya please.
so much for decision day.	for them, and for the country.
i'm not suggesting any conspiracy.	that's nothing new in iraq.
and when that happens, it hurts the feelings of our troops.	and what happened to that lie you were going to cite in cristol's book?
yeah but you cannot just throw around nuclear bombs without huge geopolitical consequences.	a conventional strike on iran is going to raise massive geopolitical consequences too.
warming's missing heat".	i think you're missing the entire point.
and when poor shirley was forced to resign, fox comes out with a report, just tonight, that obama threw an "innocent" woman under the bus.	the usda and the naacp should have verified the story before they jumped the gun and threw ms sherrod under the bus.
buy some exxon stock and you will soon learn to love profitting.	some of us go with fact, you prefer fiction.
billions will starve and die.	denial is not just a river in egypt.
your being very disengenuous with your post, sonny.	the rest of your post is opinion.
it's a great argument.	if you don't agree, refute it.
but the american police have basically created this whole scenario and lead him into it, feeding him along?	but the nightmare scenario is having him alive and in detention, awaiting trial.
if this was any weaker, it would look like swiss cheese with all the holes in it.	and if the population of the us had risen by the same percentage, that would also explain the increase in the number of people in prision.
robert reich in the last three decades or so, income inequality has been growing.	didnt need it in the past and it does not need it now.
numb head and extreme pain were weird.	continued pt three times a week.
i mean look at the french.	granted we never took baths together.
well then-what is your opinion on us getting involved in libya?	just when was that little bit of legislation signed into law?
my mum was disabled for the last 10 years of her life and i visited her every day to cook and clean and see to the garden.	many kids are born in sterile hospital rooms and then everyone just leaves them alone and lets them die.
wattenberg has been an nuke power plant advocate for years, and has tried and tried to fight the panic, and b.s.	we had been "bombing them into submission for four years under johnson, the problem was we were bombing the wrong things.
been missing in action through this whole thing.	i was in my prime throughout the fight.
the vast amount was done in person or over the phone although i did put my concerns on paper a few times.	she stated that they could not take complaint over the phone but they had to be in writing or by email.
quite frankly, i don't know if it'll make much difference who wins the wh or who wins the senate majority this november.	fundamentally, i think it squicked everyone out to the point they wanted the story over.
then i found others that countered what she said.	inherited that when his father died.
"smart" anything is a bit of a reach for him.	start overpaying as an option also.
so i paid them off for her.	so haven't bothered for a while.
(yes heteros sometimes abuse their children) after a while he finds out that his new wife is a lesbian and does not love him.	and yes the two bombs ended the pacific war, with out them we would have been forced to invade them.
don't tell me you didn't know that this was coming up.	i don't even know if they will know if he has passed away or not..
there are certainly huge holes in what has been told the public.	there are a few other early memories, but i can't date them.
much better than humans for many jobs actually.	now everyone knows that nsa stands for no such agency.
if you can't see that, you need to repeat the 2nd grade.	and i can't say the gop would be any different if they get in.
you just have to get on with life sometimes and hope for the best and it usually turns out ok...	i stopped going out with friends who i had been friends with all the way through school.
yes, yes, the love of our troops, the ultimate in fake patriotism.	the attorney for the church is the daughter of the nut case pastor.
you can't judge any issue using one example.	you can read about the case below.
you think they're bluffing about that?	i don't know about that.
i am very stuck, and as a minimum wage worker i dont have the funds to sit down with a lawyer and discuss this.	thanks for thinking of me, but i don't have the desire to appear on his show.
most libs accept this, but the uber left continues in denial a rebate is a rebate.	the lawmakers choice to bail out the banks is an entirely separate issue of accountability.
for all the shortcomings of the euro, i can't see how the ecb has done a bad job.	your comparison of the bush years with the clinton years is a joke.
i agree with you, its a ironic story also.	then you birds got nuttin to worry about..
i remember slugs on the porch and a batman birthday party.	i have no remembrance of the speeches made before jfk's grave that day.
i don't even know kevsta 's race; how could i use it against him?	i don't know what is wrong with repubs anymore.
anyone thinking our government is not run by money, is a fool.	and come to think of it, in recent times too.
what about actors children?	is what bp should tell them?
two atomic bombs and the soviet invasion ended the war with very little casualties to americans.	to the op and those that seem to be in agreement with it's bogus implication...
i think my favorite question for president obama was, "who is you favorite white sox player?"	hth nicky why are you wasting your life on this viscious, useless waste of space ?
you can't arrest someone for something they haven't done...	then they are talking money out of something else.
but its a different matter all together to say that these people are not afforded the right to even live in the uk - the country of their nationality.	my family has been told by state department (today) that there is no evacuation order in place, and that there is nothing we can do but wait.
the protest may pressure prime minister abhisit vejjajiva to hasten plans to amend the constitution as a reconciliation panel gets ready to propose changes next month.	but one week after thai prime minister abhisit vejajjiva declared a state of emergency to put down violent protests here by red-shirted opponents, who sought his resignation, the shock waves are still rippling through a polarized, shaken nation.
rslw: no, why would i hate them?	why do you hate america so much?
often but i have done it.	i have other priorities.
well, us sellers should see some improvement with regard to the hassles involved with non-payers once the shopping cart goes into effect site wide.	the bill was passed in the lower house of the french parliament in december, but it needs to be approved by the senate to go into effect.
hopefully we find out more as more light is shed on all of this.	don't you follow, and want our laws to follow all of leviticus?
next to that you have all those people coming back or staying there with terrible emotional impressions and memories.	i need to set these things correct so that the record will be clear testimonyat rex's sanity hearing.
i called back, and the lady said sorry since you didn't answer we offered the job to the next person on the list who answered the phone, that didn't make any damn sense to me.	i looked him in the eyes and said that these young me did what they had to do, they should have no regrets or feel bad and it should have been done sooner.
contrary to the persistent vomiting of 24hr news networks, the news doesn't really change as often as their advertisers would have you believe.	quote: the existence of 2 (presumably) youngish children would suggest that the marriage is not the cold and unrewarding one the husband would have you believe.
i had to buy carpets because we had bare concrete floors.	and they are the problem, simply because they cause a demand on other people's resources.
and the county where detroit is located also voted for him?	and what do you know, receipts stayed about the same.
like many english, they preferred fewer crowds and more ethnicity.	i thought they were very pretty and elegant.
compared to any historical standard of living that has ever existed in the history of the human race?	every true monopoly that has ever existed has been government enforced.
quote: my husband had a three and a half year affair.	tilman was an athiest and a patriot.
wow, you have totally drank the kool-aid.	why do you hate people that work in their own home?
the shops run by women were altogether less hassly, more friendly.	you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying, my friend.
if it was so desperate, so stultifying, so lacking in affection, he would have told her and taken steps to end the marriage...	it's so stupid because i will still have to have it done and she won't be there.
what a novel concept!	what about javier solana?
it is sad but that's where it stands currently.	i am talking about the iraq before and during the gulf war.
make a formal complaint.	or, they (male and female) are nuts.
it does take the professionalism out of his work, imho.	in the absence of proof using links with facts, your post is opinion.
actually i think the thing that gets most farmers through another year of misery is the oil leases the two famers i talk to the most also work for the post office in order to keep the damn things going my cat litter farm is the prizewinner!	if that is the case then i understand and agree, it's just the way the article is written it sounds as if the police officer is doing a lot of the work, and it's in america so different laws to here.
so, i am having trouble understanding how you come up with demolishing the church in mississippi.	but i can understand how some might have found it insensitive.
"the only reason i'm not as confident that there's something about the birth certificate...	the conventional view is that the us and ussr fought it out in the body of vietnam.
we do have a disparity of "justice" in this nation, a severe one.	the courts will have a difficult time deciding this one.
they really only want to say they want to close the loop holes.	to my dismay, i am having to change my car to suit the roads.
or is this a ratings booster for the good doctor.	for me ups on large dish orders works good.
with everything going on in the world.	has nothing to do with wealth...just
firstly, i was in a pub, which is in itself unusual.	unfortunately, i can't bury my head in the sand.
it is not selfish of me to think that is it?	if that ain't enigmatic, what is?
just watched shepard smith.	just stating my mind.
she wasn't an easy person to get on with, she'd suffered with depression off and on for her whole life.	he was my first serious boyfriend, he'd been with somebody for 2 years before me.
40 years from now they will be talking about the assholes that could not recognize reality and prevented even preperation for consequences.	the reason we do the sidewalk test is so that you can feel the difference from carpet to cement.
soaring food prices/ fuel...	as part of the process, fine.
except, you have zero evidence that fox even played the clip until after the administration forced her to resign over it.	however, i might try to find someone with the means and skills to investigate the position because i do think it has merit.
i felt similar to you at the outset.	it is time to sweep newt into the dustbin.
their thoughtmasters have told them not to...	i thought they were very pretty and elegant.
but if you sell an ounce of marijuana you could be put away for a long time."	but, since you are taking it seriously, the least you could do is be honest with yourself.
yet, you call what you learn "fiction" and feel it's "stupid".	you're hearing only what you want to hear and imagining the rest.
i don't know how old i was, but i do remember i couldn't talk yet.	but, i don't know the outcomes or if it really had any effect.
there's only one early memory i can absolutely date.	or does anyone know any way i could help it?
and an opinion based on very little meaningful analysis it is.	two atomic bombs and the soviet invasion ended the war with very little casualties to americans.
i dont see where providing free abortions is part of this discussion what?	seems there isn't a whole lot of disagreement with this decision after all.
hi, since bout a year after i started secondary school i've been getting this shoulder pain.	i think it's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this.
most of the middle east's east coast has a very high number of iranian origin citizens.	cops above the law and criminals glorified over law abiding citizens.
spring 1959 graduates from sterling high school in greenville, south carolina.	april/may/june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro, north carolina.
i think at the minute you're so exasperated by her that you're making the situation worse.	but i think it would take a pretty damn big nuke to change the straight.
grand theft auto anyone?	and for them to make a meal?
i remember when i left school and went to college, all my friends stayed at school sixth form.	this september i left home, and started at university.
i had cervadil inserted at 4pm, they removed it and started the pitocin at 4am the following morning.	i was really surprised at how much it actually helped to alleviate the discomfort and pain.
obama has allowed the russians not only to catch up military-wise but he is also making us dependent on them to be able to fix our satellites.	do you think the russians can be trusted to let us hitch a ride to the space station or allow us to fix our communications satellites.
dealers for the most part aren't union employees hence he didn't care.	do not pay attention to the evidence!
even the traffic is back to its usual near-gridlock.	the teacher was a bit surprised.
if the people back home were clamoring to get me out of this pointless errands.	eisenhower and summersby is ignored again because it is pointless and squicky.
raven so where does the gingerness come from?	why are even here on an environment form?
@eoe, i didn't believe it before, but i believe now because i've seen it: some people do really die of a broken heart.	i don't believe most progressives even understand the difference between the state and federal government.
just goes to show you what good press can do for a poor leader.	i really just dont know what to do or think anymore.
i also used to catch daddy longlegged spiders and torture my brother with them because he was afraid of them lol.	my sister is two years younger than i am, and i remember the day she came home from the hospital.
when i am up there i can not see my family at all.	they are just doing another day at work.
they would not tell me if there was any pension left here, and would only tell me if there was (and how much there was) if they saw i was entitled to it.	they told me they are not regulated by the fsa (although i have emailed the fsa to check this).
beyond the immediate security threat, however, lies a more complex challenge: restoring faith in thailands fragile democracy to solve its grinding political conflict.	beyond the immediate shock, i was made to feel like a complete a$$hole, but that's besides the point.
because it's fun, and there are no consequences.	came home, and the basement door had been kicked in.
what got that young man killed was racist views and a demented man with a chip on his shoulder.	when my dad died, i got five copies, and could have done with a couple more.
glad you started this one.	hun - you dont like this person.
if your dick falls off because you catch something because you put is some place you should not have, i give you my permission to blame me.	those idiots can only think of one answer to the question because anything else would spoinl their attempt to make this a race issue.
are you saying that if a government doesn't break up a monopoly (cable), it is enforcing the monopoly?	anyone thinking our government is not run by money, is a fool.
i don't guess $16,000 annual raises harm the economy.	i simply don't get why iran is such a huge threat.
as unions usually do, they chose keeping their benefits at the level they are, over keeping cops on the job, and the lay offs happened.	unions are for those that have no other skill other than a 5th grade educated worker has with a hammer in their hand.
he can tell you anything he thinks will keep you pacified.	the only thing that is important is the child.
"im not playing these bullshit games...	if not get the hell out of there.
i rang this evening and there were no records or her call on my account.	fdny is city government and they were on site since the planes hit.
ladbrokes have cut the odds on john prescott becoming the next prime minister from 100/1 to 25/1 following a rush of bets.	william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5/1 to 9/4.
so was this upholding the law, or just armed robbery?	i can't see his death reducing the scale of the 'war on terror'..
he said the problem is the uk does not have a plan for renewing road surfaces.	ds said they were played a tune on the piano and had to him it back.
apples are one of the most heavily sprayed crops (even in the us), so it's better all around.	@edgarblythe, one of the most fiery (and dangerous) people i've known absolutely laid down when death was coming.
if the government provides health care, whether spelled out in this bill or not, it will ration the care.	and the new government often pays attention to improving the lot of its citizens, at least for a while.
the police squad rode bicycles alongside the car.	she then said she could not give me their number.
these new restrictions fall most heavily on young, minority, and low-income voters, as well as on voters with disabilities.	some institutions are self insured because they make enough profit to cover the liabilities.
jemmott may have made a contribution to that.	nope, as i have said before we haven't been up to much of that.
there were no representatives from the 'no party'.	they were reserved for adults.
it just caused california criminals to go to other states less stringent.	i suppose it's against the rules for democrats to question these things...i
someone needs to go to jail for that one.	seeing g go was a real eye opener.
but how can you reply to "batshit crazy"?	can you relate to me how that is, exactly?
i think they went over the top in what they did to her.”	in addition, they covered the lodge with materials that didn't allow for decent air flow.
no more government healthcare.	if not forget what i said.
when it gets over $5 a gallon, i hafta opt out...	they didn't even have a train station...
^^ i had the same problem when i first got my puppy.	two years on, she sorted out her problems and is now so happy.
i just went on a little ride with some bad people.	i don't think that anyone has "killed it" in the debates.
she nearly had a heart attack and grounded me for a week.	she actually asked me if i had a can of pumpkin for back up.
i wouldn't pay for extra lessons unless he wants them and is prepared to practise!	i wouldn't say it's racist, just insular great thread.
for bigger stuff eg mortgages etc, if you are going to have problems paying you need to let them know asap.	it sounds like you are going to have a really busy weekend without going to work anyways...and
order to prevent self incrimination.	there has to be a present risk of harm, editec.
tlhe doctor told me that a painful muscle is a weak muscle and apparently she was right.	the problem is that this man was violent and abused me beating me and generally hurting me.
very humbling indeed - happens to everyone.	laws should be for everyone.
but then again, there are the john edwards of the world that simply think the "war on terror" is nothing more than a slogan, or an excuse to do anything we desire to do.	but the situation that led to the war was the result of western nations dividing and using that land to their own ends.
she would pee/poop in her crate without a second thought (she was paper trained before we got her).	everyone in the real world thought she was lying through her teeth...
i'm shocked he was even elected...	it worked in the snyder case.
i just want to sort out before it becomes trouble.	if so i'd try and get the same sort of flowers hi, so sorry for your loss.
i hope you will read the more updated contract awards that i posted from nasawatch.	you will find you are treated with great respect with that typoe of approach.
also, i used to do like my grandma and wash everybody's clothes.	i also adored to listen to my grandpa's wwii stories.
that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.	thus meaning, there would be no investigation, no folow up and of course, no crime ref no for the insurance company.
websites such as thewebfairy.com,	either way makes as much sense as the other.
i learnt the hard way what the human shoulder is capable of and what it is not.	they are also part of the british commonwealth - see what it did for them.
it must be nice to not have a conscious..	until i know the facts i won't make a decision.
feeding a few people now is not going to fix any of this reality.	so feeding these people now so ten times as many suffer in the future is more kind and humane?
sometimes i like to think that if the current generation had fought in that war, we would have lost.	my first blog post being directed towards the current rioting in the uk, as you may have guessed by now.
all the eveidence shows this to be a new movement that is unprecedented.	another uncle works at the janesville plant currently.
we have the river and washington dc in our backyard now.	i can hear the desperation in your words.
but, doesn't the whole affair seem a bit odd?	but look at the other side.
communism in it's pure form is communal ownership of all property.	we must perform superior customer service for all of them.
it is an awful situation, not just for the children in our class but for the parents too.	and the points of light foundation continues to help the nation find opportunities for people to serve one another.
bridey, did you see the pm i sent you on friday?	but there is "outside the box", which is where you are.
phil specter walked the first time.	it displaces more water than an aircraft carrier.
wtf are you babbling about?	are you just in denial?
(i have been in full time employment for 25 years).	my marriage has finally ended after 20 years.
waste of time on that asshat.	top of the food chain.
that is the theory in a nutshell.	that is the real purpose behind so-called "free trade."
saying that people in the us aren't concerned with global warming and are selfish is just dumb.	looks like pat robertson is now concerned about global warming, and taking it seriously.
don't really have any advice to offer, just trying to help.	i didn't realize the casualties were that high this year.
however, there is no drama that he was involved with anna chapman or any other honey pot involved with russian or us mafias.	police are convinced that there are people who know something, but no one has come forward with any information.
kid gloves for a guy who just shot someone else to death.	i wanted to be free to tell someone to go to hell.
by the way i live in central london...i	why did they lose their entire life?
latest from the trial...	*laughs* thankies for the link!
how demeaning,, how not to be dignified..	warning - some info might be tmi.
it was difficult in the beginning.	the courts will have a difficult time deciding this one.
deal with it at the ballot box.	and that's a tall order.
the process is run by the prosecutor.	the bf put boxes in the crate to make it smaller.
i also had to use my savings to buy a wshing machine when it broke down.	i really do hope more americans turn to god in the future.
the low person bit pissed me off, but the prose that followed was so good!	then i found others that countered what she said.
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.	is there anything at all that might have caused this you think?
get used to the idea of 4 more years of the oh-boy.	hey, they sell them at a store near me, osso...
and that doesn’t include all the workers who have fled the workforce under obama’s economic oppression.	and that was certainly a motivator for me to work my way up the career ladder of my profession.
on violin) not that he is a great player/ singer/ whatever at present.	i think watergate is a prefect example of what i am asking about.
british ideas and industry to places of no hope.	blaming politicians, pundits and internet speech is not the answer here.
but look at the other side.	then i found others that countered what she said.
at the time of those words, neither pakistan nor the prc existed.	i appreciate the chance to read the reasoning behind other viewpoints.
they don't know the inner workings of the iraqi government, i expect the u.s. had no choice but get the hell out.	if the death was a sham, then this wouldn't be the first time governmetns have used propaganda stories for their benefit..
when i was pregnant, someone tried to run me over too.	the loan was originally to combine other debt and buy a new car.
it is a fluctuation that cannot be attributed to any one specific tax change...and	it is a national campaign that wants people to stop snitchin' on people who commit crimes.
(i screwed around with my settings.)	she started out with shit pay..long
joint mortgage (with mrs g) on family home.	i agree with there goes trouble.
(if so pass it around!)	if i may say...sounds
the stockings are expensive and the government does not pay at all for them, no cost share or anything, not tricare and not medicare.	they lined up to insist that the government had to change direction if the party was to win a fourth term.
as we stand there is no will that we know of anywhere.	all done in the arrogant self belief that they know best."
the closest black woman to most of the liberals accusing rice of being incompetent is the maid they periodically accuse of stealing from the liquor cabinet.	got close to 19% of the popular vote, and finished in third place despite having withdrawn from the race.
we only have temperature changes going back a century or so, and you well know the planet is a lot older.	we have never claimed on our contents insurance before and so i don't know what the correct protocol is.
we were living together, with my 11 yr old son.	replace them with your own.
i stammerred and spoke about my opposition to the war and my support for the cause of civil rights and they went about their business, satisfied.	partisans cheer the subversion of the law because "their team" got away with it, and they care only about their party, not justice.
what health conditions does condoms treat or prevent?	what have they done to deserve this?
if you made over a certain amount, you didn't get the bush rebate.	these people are not better than you, don't see them as scary.
my side did this; your side did that.	where did i say it did?
underachievingt lazy americans need unions.	turning american against american is just wrong.
that's why their country is booming and ours is going down the toilet.	her: your brother's in the hospital and he's not going to last the night.
designations at the precise moment that we are about to get our first black female secretary of state.	evidently, the french made a big deal about getting rid of veils in algeria as part of their colonization efforts.
all you did is demonstrate your complete ignorance.	if i were you, i'd be embarassed to voice your ignorance in public.
i found a chocolate bar at work in fridge, told one of the lads it was mine and said he could have it.	i buy food in that we all like and she uses it or goes to the shop to buy with her own money what she does like.
it is time to sweep newt into the dustbin.	but when it came to what i questioned?
that said, i think he is dead.	the last time i saw her i was 12 years old.
bill o'reilly did this story on monday.	i always enjoyed this right on the money tsm.
cable monopolies are all government enforced.	the protests are not going to end.
if it is not already too late to avoid most all of it regardless of what we do?	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.
you will learn to make real chips.	you will cease playing american football.
unless you can prove me wrong, it would seem that you are obsessed with just being contrary to anything i post.	unless you happen to think that freedom of religion = supporting terrorists.
not the people that want them to pay their share of the tax burden which they very much are responsible for.	even though the people who run camp take notice are aware of what went down, they decided to take no action on it.
there is no "one" reason behind nuclearization of india.	this won't be the last rise in tuition fees.
i would support spending twice as much if it were needed.	you get a speeding ticket even when you're parked.
clinton left us with a budget surplus.	at least that's what studies show.
maybe before complaining about immigrants not speaking english, you should learn to spell.	the arab league is not something that should be taken seriously.
is there any property involved?	the entire caribbean poisoned?
or is fox news your only source of information?	does she not have her annual state pension notification?
first, uscitizen, there are smart cuts, and there are not so smart cuts, so quit acting stupidly.	then, the bubble bursts and we have to assign accountability.
hp x wouldn't you expect them to build mosques in their own territories?	hun, i wouldnt have said 'nothing much just childish stuff' in relation to this.
the reason being that, should iran get a nuke in their hands, they would be able to bring the israelies to the negotiating table by hook or crook.	i guess i was obscure in the idea, clear in my own mind, that some shoes could be a poor choice for people with certain kinds of foot pronation.
the best oif their ability.	often but i have done it.
i would happily have explained what i was actually saying, but you never asked - you simply launched into accusations.	surely this is entrapment? he didn't actually do anything because they basically lead him into the situation?
it is a cancerous poison which is just as deadly as radiactive poisonous toxic waste.	so it is a society with a very male testosterone-rich style.
the space program has advanced far beyond apollo because it has been sustained.	the fact is we were burgled and these items were stolen.
and none of these people ever suspected that the girl was being abused?	i wanted to speak to the head on the teachers recommendation but he was really busy.
what they shouldn't get, is access to my checkbook by government force.	i wouldnt be able to change to a buy to let mortgage.
it's not the concept of subsidies per se, but the nature of the subsidies themselves.	i'll be interested to read the particulars of the study when they become available.
this is a lot of people playing cya when something goes wrong.	then they are talking money out of something else.
so far we're doing a lot better.	so we have to think for them.
do you know if a prediction is true or not.	do you know what a forecast is?
it said wreckage of the craft was strewn at the scene.	i didn't realize the casualties were that high this year.
like the "housing" bubble at the beginning of the bush administration.	the gop is fighting on the basis of religious institutions.
that is not a "substantial drop"!	this is totally unacceptable!
nah, he just doesn't allow himself (or herself?) to be intimidated by the noisy right.	his mother wouldn't allow it, she wanted to have it at her house, which was fine.
vouchers don't improve schools they just provide another alternative for a limited number of students.	your chest does not touch the walls, you just lean into the place where the walls meet.
>>>> not looking for support.	know what im talking about.
nor should the jury be interpreting the nature and scope of the tort - again, that is a question of law.	the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy.
no group can be so deliberately dishonest and win over the american voter.	and definitely didn't want to go into a nursing home.
all other contact i have made has been ignored (even replies to the emails she has sent me/my sister).	she has said that the club has helped her with the grieving as she has so many friends there.
if i met that guy on the street and he tried to kill me then i would just beat him with his own cane.	she also knew they were lying when they told her they would bring her home on her birthday.
the founding fathers understood that there would be inequality.	then i found others that countered what she said.
but you said your clients were loosening up and starting to hire again.	if you did, you wouldn't be posting the past yuck of unregulation of mining.
i hold my opinions in or let them out its very negative for me.	i tried on several occasions to get written replies but they were never forthcoming.
but the police have to do something, don't they?	let's hope the frogs do the right thing.
his vice president was charles fairbanks.	it certainly does present some ethical problems.
whereas the continentals trade primarily among themselves, england has global trading partners.	they are killing themselves as a politcal force.
using that range, you would see we are currently way outside the norm.	as a bank manager, you would expect him to have made a will but people are strange and he may not have done.
they need to be funded and organised on a state-wide basis, these tiny school districts make no sense.	he's been selected for the 2nd year running to go to a 'workshop' day at the local secondary school which specialises in science.
they're faced with bloody horrific in your face proof that they're wrong and they ask silly childish questions about millisecond anomolies.	there are 364 other days a year to protest the war and the lack of respect shown does not reflect well on our local peaceniks.
the cat has your collective tongues.	she had to get her masters.
but i do hope that the news of his death brings some closure to the 9/11 victims..it's	i suppose it's against the rules for democrats to question these things...i
his ratings don't match that claim.	it certainly does present some ethical problems.
we both earn an ok wage, in that we live comfortably, pay our bills and can afford to buy clothes, food etc, but have little at the end of the month to put into savings.	they are just now in the middle of a trial and even though they do have some witnesses against the police officers there are a lot more that still are not talking.
i didn't quite understand why my cousin wasn't like me and he didn't understand it either.	but i can understand how some might have found it insensitive.
new democrats share the concerns voiced by the council of canadians over any trade deal that is negotiated in secrete.	gypsies were not dragged in, but they were enslaved by the local lords anyway, for they were nomads and had no status.
if you had a real job, you see it happens every day in the business world, who ends up holding the bag of dog poop.	if he had been like you those papers would have been dead by now and no one would have heard of murdoch.
what about his tax cuts for the middle class and poor?	waiting in an outer hall, i stood to the side as my boss conversed with someone.
he also advised that as there had been evidence they should have logged it as a crime.	he promised her the world, and on the basis of this, she had his baby.
ann coulter didn't laugh.	and it didnt bother me.
*shrugs* they have a chance at getting elected just as much as the next party.	i thought the arab league and un had just asked us to implement a no fly zone.
pol pot just took the process a bit far.	no point in shutting the door after the horse has bolted.
the kids had the nerve to pop up and answer jesus birthday.	i haven't found the nerve to ask my aunt about it.
he is the least pc of them all, thus far, and in my opinion.	in the end we are all the same and we return to worm food!
he's swimming with the fishes beat me.	i can't help thinking that she's a golddigger.
because mahmoud ahmadinejad is a maniac.	because i think what she suffered was a form of patriarchy.
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.	that was a stupid question and didn't deserve and answer..
inductions don't sound fun...good	education demand is false.
president obama would continue that trend.	i don't mean for president; i mean out of the country.
which i said more power to them.	they didn't appear so noble to us then.
then you birds got nuttin to worry about..	it is a great thing to do.
we send out 500 billion in wealth every year to other countries, that's not a good thing.	i just wanted to say that in my experience the fear of the unknown is the worst thing.
though i think a fresh apple is a better choice, given it is washed well.	“i think palin handled it fine,” giuliani says.
i don't think the school is doing itself any favours by not communicating with parents straight away.	i think this old guy is scared of dying without the recognition that he killed some ppl and trying to make history.
if you do take him back though, you send the signal that you're prepared to accept things continuing as they are.	i am wary about doing this as i am unable to find the letter that agreed to me letting out my flat.
william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5/1 to 9/4.	ladbrokes have cut the odds on john prescott becoming the next prime minister from 100/1 to 25/1 following a rush of bets.
assholes such as you are utterly unable to admit how bad he is, however, in light of all he has done so terribly.	she has said that the club has helped her with the grieving as she has so many friends there.
yeh right, they're so on board with that!	you think they're bluffing about that?
i would be more concerned with his short term intentions to be honest,you could spend years listening to excuses and waiting for him to leave.	it would be good to hear the stories, you know - good to get to understand what the world is about.
can someone talk me out of this?	and you have a problem with this?
i somewhat remember hearing on the news on the first (or second) day after his death that the compound was completed in the summer of 2010.	in 1976 when carter signed the amnesty for those that went to canada my father tells me that he knows my stance in the past but now i should be mad as hell.
unfortunately, all it seemed to do is set a precedent for future pardons.	unfortunatly, florists really rack up the prices for funerals.
and tell them if they cannot wait how to protect themselves.	he told the the administration what they wanted to hear.
not sure what specifically you're asking for, so i'll do a total dump of information.	when i have more time (tomorrow), i will provide the sources for all of this information.
forty years later, i find in hindsight, that my memory is clear, but inaccurate.	mostly because i am not defending the democrats in congress.
if "crimes begin and end with the criminal who committed them", then why hold an entire religion accountable for the actions of 19 people.	i asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible.
cheers for that - i might buy the book.	either he has the facts right or he doesn't.
i heard about this two weeks ago.	my mum had a go at me about curtains a few weeks back.this
so they insisted on free trade with countries like china that chop up their own citizens for transplant organs.	based on the historical record, that recovery was imminent, within a couple of months or so.
and the dixie chicks insulted president bush on foreign soil.	and the hunter said, "shoot up here amongst us.
it took the parent of martin 3 days before they got the word from the local police dept.	if you wanted a parade or a traditional memorial day ceremony there were plenty to go to.
she continues to get death threats.	the second option would greatly slow the legislative process.
it's just a false graph.	i just read about this story.
this makes me question what the point of the programs is at all.	which is fairly damning, since it's one of the longest running programs in the country.
someone you aspire to (not want to be them but someone who your admire and have respect for) e.g.	i think you need to look at the valuation of your home year over year.
other than you, of course.	this is of course, upsetting.
oh, i bet he can i truly hope not.	i feel you are a good man, i truly like you.
all things considered, it couldn't have happened more perfectly.	sometime rights come into conflict and they need to be resolved.
see how far that gets you.	you haven't answered that yet.
reassured us that, it is very normal for first time moms go over due dates and need inductions.	that lasted about six months until i found myself for the first time out of composure, calm, and ideas in the air.
yes, america does not do all that it can to relieve global warming, but then who does?	then, that there was nothing economically that we could do about the greenhouse gases.
i'm shocked he was even elected...	i hope it works out in the end...
he still makes a good point...one	i have some good news!
are there no lessons learned!	is there any property involved?
he marries another woman.	marriage is a creation of the state...
as to the mosque genius?	as part of the process, fine.
me and my 2 sisters looked through her house but couldnt find one anywhere.	after camping and coming home we searched high and low and could not find them.
please do everything you can, even though it feels as if it's not appreciated.	please stop treating your supposition and conjecture as fact.
and at the hospital, it seemed tomtake forever for them tomfind her on the fetal monitor; l was so scared!	i left the site determined to still love the man he once was to me and so i continue to listen to his records to this day.
all obamalamadingdong has done is spend like a madman.	also, assuming the whole thing is a sham..
talk about ebony & ivory.	that was also about a blow job, of course.
now he has collaborated with thomas peterson and jr the liar you are.ohn	now, i've actually read the responses, and also agree with dlowan.
"smart" anything is a bit of a reach for him.	i think newt has been the most accurate and forthright.
imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	i take it you did not hear the racist motherfuckers applauding during her story, all the while not knowing what she had to say at the end only six percent of posters will read that entire article.
why was it changed later?	who's got a better one?
thanks i think it can be very easy to focus on what he doesn't do.	many times i can see the faces of the people i helped.
flint laid off police officers because the union refused to accept any cuts and chose their benefits over avoiding layoffs.	no need for lawyers because the strings are pulled so that they aren't ever charged in the first place.
the era that the book covers is the worst era in tory party history so there is bound to be a lot of criticism in there but he is not slagging off the conservative party.	most americans are just to dumb to realize that their way of life is going to be changing for the worse and we are barely seeing the results of their apathy.
i hear those skills translate real well into a career in government.	ah well, at least it proves that we don't agree with corporal punishment.
the arab league did not understand that a no fly zone can have different meanings if worded appropriately.	i didn't quite understand why my cousin wasn't like me and he didn't understand it either.
the proliferation of guns, many put in the poorly trained hands of parties with scores to settle, makes the situation extremely volatile.	the problem is, that i don't really have a life plan but i am the sort of person who likes to have things fairly planned out.
and they definitely shouldn't be forcing anyone to pay for someone else's contraception & abortions.	and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions.
let's not go conspiracy here..but	its not going to effect the world one bit.
i can understand why many clinics are afraid of lawsuits.	i didn't quite understand why my cousin wasn't like me and he didn't understand it either.
pleasant, unless you are male, and alone.	any advice would be more than welcome.
therefore it can only apply to a species/population.	what a bloody disgrace of a situation.
violins are an evil instrument to learn, and you have my sympathy...	it would only jeopardize iran infrastructure more and land lock them..
however, as i said, they rejected it out of hand.	the guy is easy to like and respect, except if you are not of an open mind.
where do we draw the line?	the rest of the world knows the same.
except he's not wrong about the rightwingnuts setting her up...	we went camping and put them together in the car.
is this to be sop for the democrat party for now on?	you'd have to be able to think on your own.
@hawkeye10, we are free from government oppression.	there were dropped to intimidate russia.
the british did have evidence the iraqis were trying to buy uranium.	these sanctions in place will not harm the iranians intention to build nuclear weapons..
her police detail is reduced.	the police squad rode bicycles alongside the car.
the "effect" people are talking about isn't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes.	it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.
if someone isnt interested in making the max amt of money he can, fine.	neocons have been mistaking the elephant's shit for the elephant.
i put the words they probably said...	yet they kick the uk out the embassy...
as he does correctly point out, the space program does provide us with technology, some of which deters war or even prevents the threat of war.	as thomas correctly pointed out, a great many people could and would be replaced by technology if this were the case.
adhere to stereotypes perpetrate a negative/unform view of the lgbt community.	people need to keep campaigning, keep visibilty and portray a positive image of the lgbt community.
the jury verdict must stand.	the airport seems safe.
the father is not a public figure and is a private citizen.	he is the least pc of them all, thus far, and in my opinion.
she also was very respectful in her final days of dissent in the previous coallition, and didn't even call for him to resign.	mr. abhisit, who took power in december after a court disbanded three parties in the previous coalition government, has promised to hold elections, once political reforms are concluded.
yes, price is affected by increased costs, indirectly.	president obama has already in*creased this spending by 20 percent.
i did, however, keep in contact with his mistress, as much to get answers to my myriad of questions as to keep an eye on her.	i believe that the president has too much ego to allow himself to be a total puppet, though there is an element of that.
your only source of nutrition comes from "sweet & low."	or is fox news your only source of information?
the people have a right to know!"	that's not the right way to go.
there will be a regional summit in jone.	they all are/were on some level.
there doesn't seem to be any novel con law question presented on these facts and it's a puzzler why the scotus took the cert.	when she came to bahrain a year ago the demonstrations started, i was working, and she was stuck in the house almost the entire time.
that is one investment that will most certainly pay off.	and if we continue to be a nation that allows sex with anyone, any time with anyone.
indeed the british struggle was our initial model for the 'salvation' of vietnam.	and it got there without any of the vitriol of the ows.
curve, the rest of america is not out of step, you are.	further, the former director of nasa might disagree with that assertion as well.
sure, i like gingrich.	there is hope in iraq.
pirates of the seas know they can't 'eff around with americans or any of their properties.	prior to these events, she was healthy enough and not bedridden or in a wheelchair.
i remember being absolutely terrified on the flight, but kept deathly still.	it might not seem like it right now but they really will.
we know about civil rights.	often but i have done it.
the only problem may be that they used new york times in their tort analysis after saying public v. private didn't matter.	the problem is that she sure reveled in riling up the crowd with her story of 'sticking it to this white farmer'...
that is the real purpose behind so-called "free trade."	that's the bread and butter of "entrepreneurialism"!
i have a history of giving due credit to president obama for the few things he has done right.	i closed it, noticed it was a bit stiff to close and started cleaning the house as i do every thurs night.
to the bitter end, the official position of the clinton administration was that it couldn't say for sure who was responsible for the cole attack.	i feel much better now, had to stay in hospital 2 days longer due to infection and having a drain but a month later i could eat a lot more food and felt physically better.
quote: i wish you all the luck in the world hun, i just hope your thread doesn't get nasty like so many others i've read on here xx.	she has said that the club has helped her with the grieving as she has so many friends there.
one would think they would run with the story, but they haven't.	obviously i feel there is more to it than that.
a republican president would have said no.	q+a - where is political unrest in thailand heading?
somewhere in there, we start hearing there is no possibility of abrupt climate change.	among others, have unfortunately severely damaged the credibility of the true researchers.
that is, they legally exclude any other company from providing services in the area.	that is not happening today and, frankly, i do not see it happening in the near future.
so, my statements were as general as i could muster, in hopes of eliciting a clarification.	anyway some blacks were telling us we couldn't sit there, whites had to sit up front.
"she's not sitting here" he said.	2.if he is not staying her overnight he tells me.
can you minimise the impact by the way you arrange your working hours, i.e.	at our center, the director is the last one out the door.
we look forward to what he would do for the united states that gorbachev in russia.	well at least it would have made the newspapers look more interesting...
with pictures and video.	the jury verdict must stand.
wonderful man ain't he?	how poor can they be?
can anyone explain further or recommend some reading?	can anyone shed some light for me on where i go from here.
don't get me wrong i dont give to receive but if this happened the other way round i would be mortified, she was just like aww thanks i must have forgot to put the money in your card, and that was that.	dont get me wrong its not that i dont appreciate what he does do, i certainly do and always make him aware of it but again he never bothers for me just expects it!
and i think most americans are now seeing them that way too.	some politicians are now just preying on human weakness.
i could be wrong but i think california may have more prisons than any other state.	i stopped going out with friends who i had been friends with all the way through school.
or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon/teabagger cousin's stupidity?	i saw this as just another fox flunkie pushing the "class warfare" line that's heard from the neocon/teabagger pundits in the media.
and they insisted on "right to work" laws that busted up the unions.	i have my own business but work as all but dried up...to
barrett has 3 radio shows, he has a lot of free time now that he is no longer a part-time college professor.	before christmas he tried to push her down a large flight of stone steps twice, he has punched her on more than one occassion.
but how can you reply to "batshit crazy"?	can you relate to me how that is, exactly?
there's your class warfare.	so what's our claim to fame now?
the tax cuts were not for the middle class, on earned income.	that's you lost in the last sentence!
i found christians against poverty were amazing and so so supportive so i would recommend them.	i think californias might have shown that there is a lot of support for this research.
i believe in multiple sources of energy.	i believe this to be a case of apples and oranges.
and we all know why the faux news zombies are searching for brains!	all the sanctions is affecting ordinary iranians!
and now it appears that there was a second one, that is now being uncovered.	i know in my heart that its silly and im thinking like a child.
or we could poke sharp sticks in our eyes.	we could go tit for tat over and over.
'generation gimme' stepped in and hijacked the movement.	what in god's name is going on with the federal government?
my ancestors were no where near this land when it as "taken over by white people".	my sister is two years younger than i am, and i remember the day she came home from the hospital.
move to where the food is..	i still hurt the poor guy.
you know how i would feel supported if i was a troop overseas?	i could definitely support that as a non proliferation treaty.
it's real interesting how everything just unfolded like it did.	that's an interesting side issue that may be addressed.
starbucks owns the mortgage on your house.	the words that made sense to you.
that, of course, is just my opinion.	the whole country is a toxic cesspool of pollution.
the distortional inclinations of the next president, george h.w.	his veto pen was the mightiest presidential kung fu in our history.
possibly more dangerous than the lunkheads that come out and say the crap"-- i meant it.	to reduce costs last year, the district closed almost half the schools in the city.
anyway, the matter has come to attention in milwaukee lately in light of two seperate cases.	fox news was still the last one to catch on with coverage after the big 3 started coverage.
quit while you're behind.	edit: in which case he wouldn't be lying.
fairbanks 60 in the summer and -60 in the winter) yeah, i had a few choice words for her.	determining the law and instructing the jury in that law is what the judge is for.
and stop worrying about it...	i hope it works out in the end...
the peace movement has not died, nor is it resting.	the electoral commission has ordered an inquiry.
thank you for your past email concerning a trade deal between the eu and canada.	i think my earliest memory was somewhere between 3 and 4 years old.
eventually loses to massachusetts governor michael dukakis.	eventually got him about 6am and he said he was in his mates house.
but again totally different argument.	fleet air wing six and miramar imply very different backgrounds.
i am not among the six percent.	do not pay attention to the evidence!
i was raised with my male cousin by grandma.	i'm having trouble with you analogy.
the point is, my dad will write all the letters and i will sign them, is that ok?	i then took a picture of him eating it and emailed it round and said he has stole it as a joke.
president bush began a string of expensive finan*cial bailouts.	president bush increased federal education spending 58 percent faster than inflation.
there has never been a monopoly in this country that wasn't government enforced.	the nba is a classic example of a government enforced monopoly.
i don't know if this goes for people generally, but that was how g went.	i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.
i still miss her terribly, even though there were times when i felt i never wanted to see her again.	sorry if this sounds silly, but it's the first thing that sprung to my mind when i read how you wanted to ring her.
to begin with, there is no such world police which would itself refrain from killing whom they want.	problem i see is not the color of people that live in here and not from where they come.
i can't even put it into words.	i went out & found new friends.
so they can cut taxes for overpaid rich folks?	so go ahead and process that for a while.
in theory, one could argue that the computer models are accurate, and that the real measurements have some problem.	in that speech he claimed the murder rate in flint michigan had more than doubled already.
you are right billw lol that's funny, i love karma, it's fun sometimes.	2) so you are saying that it wasn't worth it if it went over a certain cost.
dh has not been asked to give a statement, and we assume nor has the cabby.	she used to go with my grandad but sadly he passed away in may this year.
the old obama did it.	neithe of those things is true.
i say, let's just spread the love.	it just encourages the loons.
he sounds so statesmanlike.	the "bud" was just a stolen name and address.
the radio show host also said that ford was a good post-president.	newt has admitted to most of what you would deny.
but again totally different argument.	fleet air wing six and miramar imply very different backgrounds.
and it was so vociferously, emphatically trumpeted that iraq was flush with wsmd.	and none of these people ever suspected that the girl was being abused?
i seen piles of dead human beings.	there is strong demand for us education.
you stepped on my feelings a bit there, girl.	my boss and i fell in at the end.
dumbshit- who is threatening whom here?	or do i say something to him / her???
it might not be even his fault.	it is not selfish of me to think that is it?
matt millen broke down talking about it on espn.	why all the lying about this on your part?
you don't believe fox news?	why don't you do it for yourself?
you "honored" the dead by pestering a group of people who were interested in not creating any more dead?	either he was really being vague on purpose in his testimony, he's lying now, or he was lying on the stand.
and i care enough about each of you to share with you god's truth.	and you are wrong about americans' attitudes towards tax hikes.
moral of the story: the media will always present news in a way which forwards their views, it's that simple.	what got that young man killed was racist views and a demented man with a chip on his shoulder.
tell that to rick santorum i thought it was obama that started the contraception thing.	he added that nato sent a delegation to meet with local leaders and investigate the incident.
as for the dixie chicks, they'll have to wait for the next president.	pirates of the seas know they can't 'eff around with americans or any of their properties.
the people have a right to know!"	that's not the right way to go.
i think, too, that as 4 young men travelling together, they were looked upon as a challenge by local youth.	i rang this evening and there were no records or her call on my account.
as a christian, i pity all these hateful critics and i will pray for them."	the verses above from leviticus are in a section of the bible that lists immoral acts and the penalties for them.
its a gruesome dictatorship - of the kind that was formerly sponsored by the soviets.	their gdp per capita is much lower and the vulnerable are ignored by the government.
fact: the warheads were empty, and showed no signs of ever having contained chemical weapons.	what the police have to find out now is if zimmerman instigated the confrontation.
we don't have sugar cane climate here in the u.s..	they didn't even have a train station...
i'll help, it's because right of center people were angry about bush's spending.	it seems that no one ever really cared about what was happening in sudan.
since there would be no "spouse", employees would become liable for employer portions of health insurance because there would be no waiving of the tax penalty for employer provided health insurance for a spouse.	one such benefit is a military member who has a spouse is eligible for either base housing or additional pay to help provide a place to live for that spouse.
mankind got 'organized'.	obama wined and dined.
if he was renting he could have relocated and avoided the whole thing.	sure enough, brazile was instrumental in not letting a couple of white boys - named al and joe - win the election.
it wasn't always like that.	i say abolish them all.
but i'm sorry to say i don't really take the ndp seriously.	i take my reputation seriously.
opec has never been able to enforce any of its quotas on production or prices.	we have never claimed on our contents insurance before and so i don't know what the correct protocol is.
now i know we all face equivalent limits.	do you know what a forecast is?
see, it's a tax break to companies and corporations that hire vets.	here it's not unusual to only see a doctor at 12-14 weeks.
two coalition crew members were injured in that attack.	in south afghanistan, nato said two coalition service member were killed, one on friday and another on saturday.
that's not just from the ex-wife.	"she's not sitting here" he said.
she started out with shit pay..long	we are at war with al-qaida.
a false allegation, allie.	makes me feel all festive.
i had about 20 minutes with a doctor.	and you smell like a sock.
apparently, the two folks that died paid nearly 10,000 dollars to attend the new age sweat led by two time oprah guest.	and yes the two bombs ended the pacific war, with out them we would have been forced to invade them.
but i had to make that move and remind them i was still there, even though i was at a different college.	but a large proportion remained loyal to ghaddafi and decided to fight for what they thought was right.
to me, this says that americans are willing to give obama the benefit of the doubt in 2012.	it makes more sense that islamic extremists are trying to kill two birds with one stone.
and of course the poppy propaganda.	and encourage me to do so.)
i don't think there are too many people, just too many people to live in the way that we are living.	that means that today, there are 12.5 times as many people in prison then just 40 years ago.
now get to work and provide those links.	this is war and people die in wars.
first, you do not get "extra" redundancy money for having children.	you forget to unwrap candy bars before eating them.
there's also a side issue of amicus waivers.	there is a good future and you will recover.
the bushbots were 25%-ers.	the whole family are lawyers.
you know what teenagers are like, they pick up on anything.	don't you know that this is just a piece of grandstanding nonsense?
no,the predecent was set when bill clinton pardoned henry cisneros,after he was convicted of lying to the fbi.	iirc, the sign was erected early on, but was removed as being too obvious.
george0b1 nobody on this thread has said a good word about north vietnam.	the conventional view is that the us and ussr fought it out in the body of vietnam.
so, it's something else, isn't it?	so, i guess that's it.
who in the media's been going "half-cocked" and how did they do it?	what in god's name is going on with the federal government?
republican senator charles percy's secretary took an interest in me.	@dlowan, "for centuries the chinese used an ancient curse: 'may you live in interesting times!'
survival of the fittest.	i'll toss this into the pot.
covert cia role in yemen proposed - wsj.com	police name suspect in murder of nj police officer - foxnews.com
but, believe it or not, there are people who really like what they do even though you consider it to be menial.	they report that there are no planes coming in or out, and that there are tens of thousands of people at the airport.
i sold an old french violin to a buyer in canada, and the buyer disputed the label.	she told me of her son, then in vietnam, and her wish to bring him home.
they are run down garbage everywhere with people just sitting about doing nothing.	that you have to deal with this crap after serving is absolutely disgusting.
it was bemusing to many here how deeply ingrained the open racism still is in some communities of the usa.	hello i was wondering if anyone has been having problems with paying for childcare using evouchers with computershare.
the conservatives are currently on 37% of the vote, labour on 28% and the lib dems on 23%.	their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats.
i think the expulsion of arafat may bring that on.	don't think they went to tangier.
no way they would allow those industries to be re-regulated.	how do regulatory agencies become "deregulated?"
this has never been a secular nation, ever.	ok, thanks for the explanation.
there's not a link or a quote in the entire pile of shit post.	they really only want to say they want to close the loop holes.
i have a pair of their level 1 comfort step trekker sandals ($235) and they are not comfortable at all.	what hiptastic believes free trade to be is not free trade at all.
why did they lose their entire life?	where do other people like to skate?
i did that type of work for a few years.	bill is the bread winner of our family aswell..
you've posted on these forums before.	glad you started this one.
i most certainly did not treat the disaster as if it doesn't exist.	i remember in the fifties conservatives did not want flouride added to the water because flouride turned people into communists.
and that they havent got..	and that's world wide.
they spent more time touring london than seeing us and the twins.	the court must take into consideration the technology of the times in their ruling.
they were reserved for adults.	they have been brainwashed by fox and/or rush.
too bad you didn't have that back in 2004, you could have told your fellow righties not to vote for the debt doubler.	i can't imagine that you would have any rights to the marital home.
i'm not wrong," the outspoken comedian went on a vulgarity-laden two-minute rant against republicans and the troops.	i'm not a huge fan, but i have to give credit where credit is due and he's wiping the floor with the republican field in these debates.
obama's approval ratings are hovering below 50%, yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row.	look at how bad things were in 2008 and they basically voted for another 4 years of bush.
lol youve studied the talking points well grasshopper.	why don't you start thinking beyond the talking points that make you feel good?
in other words americans weren't happy having one of their howegrown oil companies owned by commie china.	all those countries that have signed the kyoto protocol must be convinced of something.
i would i struggle to meet my iva monthly payments and my mortgage payments when i don't have a tenant paying me.	so i offered to make whatever she didn't want to, and at first she didn't want me to have to make anything.
actually, it's people who build the robots since not enough are being made to create an assembly line.	i am angry at republicans who scream that obama team is incompetent for not being able to negotiate these terms.
going up on weds eve.	you might get more answers there.
health insurance should be treated with various cover options with everyone that seeks to have health care coverage paying for basic services.	it sounds as if your health care coverage rations in the exact same way that private health care does.
they've stolen her childhood from her.	they've been doing these protests for years.
could it be that the ocean is cooling?	according to it, yes, they can do it.
remember that corporate oil deal where the chinese wanted to buy out unocal?	the appellate court ordered the case back to juvenile court.
(1) was to remove the actual tumor.	it seems to me that dr.
i mean not even everyone in hk is a british national - only a proportion of the population are.	but between welfare and living ok is quite a bit of a chasm for a lot of people.
he was in the navy during wwii and served in the pacific theatre.	the ows from the very beginning had a message of peaceful protesting.
i can relate to that.	did you really write that post?
unemployment was never 12%, and was lower than it has been under obama, under bush.	black unemployment has been over 15% for 2 ½ years under obama.
when does your dh get back?	do you have to go back to roosevelt?
so if the kids don't kill themselves they end up in jail and it's every ones fault other than their own.	i don't ever try to pass anything off as being other than it is.
how much air time did that get?	how old is that program?
they find very few papers (7 in total) predict global cooling.	what surprises is that even in the 1970s, on the back of 3 decades of cooling, more papers (42 in total) predict global warming due to co2 than cooling.
or, what, then, was the lie?	what are the ecological issues?
i need to set these things correct so that the record will be clear testimonyat rex's sanity hearing.	the court must take into consideration the technology of the times in their ruling.
it could of been better but i admit i was lazy and didn't really work at it.	i cried a lot and could not really understand it.
so i think it's just best to pardon dick and hope that he'll leave me alone."	in the meantime, i'll just keep you in my heart and mind and hope that will help in some small measure.
don't hate your fellow americans.	don't be jealous and bitter.
the only mistake the republicans made was in voting to raise the debt ceiling in exchange for anything short of repealing obamacare and passing the ryan budget that actually would have cut 4 trillion out of the budget.	(bull shit call number 2. he and the demwhits negotiated a deal to increase the debt ceiling and before the ink on it had dried, reneged on the deal and attempted to tie it to his "stimulus ii" wish list which would add another 1.6 trillion dollars to the deficit now!)
don't think i could handle it though..i	don't think they went to tangier.
he did not start out in the copy room of some local city paper and work his way up to mogul.	problem i see is not the color of people that live in here and not from where they come.
if there is no civil marriage, there is no recognition, and so those things all disappear.	one is a loan, the other is an overdraft and one is a credit card.
that's why the us has the largest prison population in the world, in both numbers, and as a percentage of the population.	that year, roosevelt signed the proclamation establishing oklahoma as the 46th state of the union.
more like a muppet with bush's arm stuck up his arse.	or we could poke sharp sticks in our eyes.
the fact that you need so many lawyers and therapists shows that you're not quite ready to be independent.	the fact that nixon and carter were uxorious did not make them good presidents.
they claim to be self sufficient in a way they are they make a living off of their own land but their products and what they can sell them for is so controlled.	there was a lot of valuables in the safe as we had been saving in cash for the holiday and then returned what we hadn't spent to the safe.
the only problem with trusting the jury on this one is that they were given a question of law to determine.	the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps.
you don't remember this post?	remember iran contra?
people who are the technicians to maintain the robots.	those who lead us along this path to bankruptcy are not heroes.
ok, that's a good point.	which i think is a good idea.
if your clients are starting to hire again, that means recovery has been happening for a number of months now.	this is so awful, that poor girl, and this has been happening for 10 years?
however despite the layoffs murder and rape are still down 11% in flint.	yeah, for toddlers, since the youngest teenagers are already smoking and drinking.
how could i be expected to resist a title like that.	we need more presidents like him.
i rather think if he'd been all good with truman's decisions, daddy would not have been such a radical after the war.	if it hadn't been for a phone call i initiated shortly before he died, i wouldn't have know until after he was dead.
even if they did win the wh and both houses of congress, they're not going to have a filibuster proof senate, and that means working together with the dems.	if someone visited the us and went to la they might have a different perception of the us than someone who visited and went to new orleans.
a mexican shooting a black kid is the "biggest, most powerful" news story?	any of you wager to guess why such little coverage for the biggest, most powerful media organization on the world?
don't let the facts get in the way, though.	don't want to read and run but i don't know what to say.
i suppose this type of callousness towards the slaughter of civilians should be expected from an avowed zionist.	i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird.
in the 1904 presidential election, roosevelt won the presidency in his own right in a landslide victory.	in august 1902, roosevelt was the first president to be seen riding in an automobile in public.[52]
eventually got him about 6am and he said he was in his mates house.	eventually got him at 8.30. he stayed with " a friend" am i asking to much to be told he is not coming home?
why are 1,500 available us oil skimmers not on the scene?	any real comment about the content?
what kind of outlets did this veteran have?	why do you hate people that work in their own home?
here's what class warfare looks like!	there's a different sort of blood libel.
we will tell you what to think.	we returned to new york by train.
those are truths republicans can't bear to face.	but those are elastic terms, and this request will not be the last.
what the police have to find out now is if zimmerman instigated the confrontation.	whatever the amount was, i hope he sold his soul and his ethics for a high amount.
the oldest child is at university, the youngest will be starting a levels this year you have no evidence whatsoever that his home life is barren and unhappy.	the entire bush cabinet is starting to look like an image awards telecast minus the fisticuffs and gunplay.
what happened to personal responsibility and accountability?	it's the individual citizens' responsibility to fund their own behavior.
the prosecturor didn't even indict clinton let alone get a conviction.	at our center, the director is the last one out the door.
in august 1902, roosevelt was the first president to be seen riding in an automobile in public.[52]	he was the first speaker of the house in history to be fined.
if a bj was the biggest concern of the nation with the president right now-the whole country would be a lot better.	i change the diaper at the normal time in the evening and it is huge and totally full of pee.
thankfully the silent majority are overwhelmingly in favour of this plan and the opposition are a minute fringe pressure group way out of touch with most of the population.	and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices.
if i asked the rest of my family had heard from her they would say no.	that is the state of class warfare in our society.
in the "binary" world of the right wing, it's either all lies or all gospel truth.	this is how the people on the right here treat truth.
the tea party people are working stiffs with day jobs and families.	why do you hate people that work in their own home?
but foremost he is not a career politician as his profession is actually an academic one, partly in the us where he also studied.	but no, he acts as if he got a memo from the mcqueary and forwarded it on to his superiors like he was supposed to.
yesterday was the day that the lib dems killed higher education in this country.	no jobs at the hotel, no college education, nothing but being born a hilton.
both roundabouts and metrication will help you understand the british sense of humour.	just say, the topic is beyond your understanding and its all good.
you can bitch all you want about tax rates.	good catch, i forgot alcohol and cigarettes.
some think flight 93 never crashed.	i think it may be called the family.
he served eleven years total behind bars for his antiwar activities.	i had moved to new york to be close to the power center of the country for my anti war activity.
we havent spoken since before dinner.	human rights should always come before money.
all that remained left was to add gravity and a "theory of everything" could be contemplated.	if he had twelve months to do it and he was leasing he could have easily relocated.
i'm open minded and i just don't take things as personally as others do.	i'm all for campaigning but i think that this was really a step too far.
it seems that if you help denigrate anti-intellectualism it flags up that you are an intellectual.	it sounds as if your health care coverage rations in the exact same way that private health care does.
get your head out of ron paul's ass, will ya please.	you're talking about white house press releases.
don't even get me started on how badly labour wrecked the economy, or how they totally destroyed the police force.	it took the parent of martin 3 days before they got the word from the local police dept.
i've narrowed it down to god, gays and guns.	i didn't want to read and run hun.
these sanctions in place will not harm the iranians intention to build nuclear weapons..	besides obama is continuing bush polices that he (ran against) in order to kill those terrorists.
getting back to sanctions.	thats at least racist.
the context is to simply point out that palin says one thing, but does another.	i would get down to the police station sooner than just writing a letter.
i don't buy into the marxist talk...	i really dont know what to do...
they are fighting the idea that goivernment has the right to mandate that an insuirance company must sell a service...even	their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats.
but who decides and how is that enforced?!	but what do we know about syria?
but my main goal in writing to you is to prevent paypal from ordering the destruction of violins and other antiquities that they know nothing about.	my family has been told by state department (today) that there is no evacuation order in place, and that there is nothing we can do but wait.
how do these trotskyists think we generated our wealth in the first place?	what symptoms did you have that got you to the doctor in the first place?
did i say i excused it?	where does it say that, exactly?
you may also lose your single person council tax status.	my body was looser after i gave birth but it wasn't bad.
nukes in the hand of the shiite sect are quite dangerous as all shittes are anti-west and anti-israel.	in fact i bet upon the news alone that he loses the election we will start seeing firms hire and invest exponentially.
2. changing the subject do only the rich deserve the best healthcare?	but many heirs did not actually do anything to deserve the $ other than being born.
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.	had that been on the 5.30pm from victoria it would have been a goner.
that, of course, is a different tune than four years ago, when he placed all of his bets on florida.	where were these so-called ''freedom fighters'' forty years ago when ghaddafi came to power?
it was during my tenure at comphibpac that i learned the most about what i know about viet nam.	it was my stepdad that had said "so and so died of a broken heart" and i would laugh.
it was all the more startling because it was not perceived by people who'd always lived here.	and they are the problem, simply because they cause a demand on other people's resources.
and when that happens, it hurts the feelings of our troops.	returned with great quality and a great representation of our firm.
i'm pretty sure tim bale is a true blue tory!	i'm here to defend the fluevog!!
don't ask for help from internet forums on such important issues.	and the idea was to help people connect with volunteer opportunities.
i can see than hundreds of thousands of people having to breathe oil fumes is just a joke to you.	stuff that are made in the hundreds or few thousand at the most.
people who design the parts the robots make.	why does it matter that he's black?
any other derailments other than potential grandchildren?	has anyone else got any practical joke related tales?
otherwise, no other information would be given.	there's kurds in syria, too, i believe.
i don't ever try to pass anything off as being other than it is.	i don't need to create problems for myself, with customers feeling they were mislead.
that said, i would caution against the attempted use of proof by anecdote here to prove the effectiveness and validity of the concealed carry laws.	time and again we see that there is one set of laws for the well connected, and a vastly different set for the commoners.
why is no one sanctioning the us??	this is an area not tested in the courts.
that is exactly what happened: no, it isn't, unless you believe that the instant vaporization of hundreds of thousands of people can be written off because of their nationality.	but its a different matter all together to say that these people are not afforded the right to even live in the uk - the country of their nationality.
if gwb continues his course he will never be forgiven.	i would not even raise my voice to her or her boyfriend.
they used to treat it as a real safety net, but it becoming a bit of a fishing net in malmo at the moment.	mean, i know that a car is a material posession, but i like to keep my stuff looking nice if i can help it.
an incredible amount of work has been done to make sure that the satellite data are the best quality possible.	what are government officals going to do to make sure that everyone does their part in this.
after the vietnamese concentrated political strength to the north and drove out the french it was to our own interest and, as it turned out, the south's interest to let the process take its course.	i left the site determined to still love the man he once was to me and so i continue to listen to his records to this day.
it's not the catastrophe that was reported and fishing boats are heading back out.	and he spent his money on things he cared about.
we are currently expecting roads to go for 60-80 years without resurfacing.	we once got home just as it got too dark to see without a flashlight.
it just encourages the loons.	just remember he loves you.
well, sofia, it's exactly what c.i.	what's wrong, exactly, with what i'm doing?
well said but i trust the jury verdict.	they didn't get it, but they asked for it.
firstly, there's no need to panic or rush.	christy is a fat sack of shit.
mostly poor you though!!!	glad your pie rocked though!!
they did for my parents when one passed a number of years before the other.	they are the voice and interpreters of this tort and did their duty.
<shrug> what's a person to do?	grrrr what the heck do i do?
george on of the most important things a person can learn in life is not to make assumptions and secondly not to read to much into one's own perceptions of what happened in certain circumstances based on their personal experiences.	we are all different we came from different backgrounds and we all saw things based on different perceptions some fact based and some clouded by personal experiences.
william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5/1 to 9/4.	i change the diaper at the normal time in the evening and it is huge and totally full of pee.
i never put words in your mouth.	i have heard really good things about them.
but does this include genocide or democide?	does this sound like the sensible option.
are you so desperate to appear clever that you have to make this sh*t up?	no one appears to have posted about this yet.
i dont have any dog in the fight.	yet he doesn't seem to have anything better to offer.
i am afraid of something happening to me or baby during labor.	my 19 yo dd stopped speaking to me for 2 years.
but the death penalty bill was passed after the fact and so manson and his gang will have the luxury of living in prison till they die.	came the report that the woman reported involved was released after a few hours and the reason was that she had been the victim of identity theft.
fact: the un had already confirmed that it was destroyed.	i have heard really good things about them.
it's far easier (and cheaper) to get them all at the earliest opportunity.	afaik, the va has programs to help them if they want it.
also she had gone home.	each has it's own role.
oh i'm sorry, i must have missed it, what exactly about this quote is incorrect???	to say that it's all america's fault is not correct.
and you don't know about acorn and james o'keefe?	i don't know what my daddy saw or knew.
this did not go over very well with the seller, who has already had the violin authenticated.	i think they let me slide because i already had my honorable discharge.
but conserv won't address these issues.	i've done it two or three times.
get used to the idea of 4 more years of the oh-boy.	grief he's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row.
if you can't see that, you need to repeat the 2nd grade.	and i can't say the gop would be any different if they get in.
the b-52s were 6 miles away.	there seems no hope in these areas.
lamb: did he have a philosophy that he didnt want to pass on a lot of money to his kids?	we have traffic laws that exist for no reason other than to fine motorists.
did that answer your question?	is your health care rationed?
this is beyond disgusting, many people should be in prison over this.	the arab league is not something that should be taken seriously.
i can remember the oddest things but major events totally slip my mind.	i remember the anti-gypsy attitudes and actions in spain.
it doesn't work this way.	it worked in the snyder case.
chosen by the president.	bring back the kitten.
(i thought conservatives wanted private enterprise to do all the heavy lifting?)	is no consideration to be given to the crim?
they've got stupid down to an art form.	they've been doing these protests for years.
but why go to court and send lawyers to defend against having to show it?"	but you said your clients were loosening up and starting to hire again.
what makes us 'opposite of evil'?	what have they done to deserve this?
render unto ceasar what is ceasar's.	i tried to call and there was no answer.
territorial disputes have been a major irritant in bilateral relations between the two nations and led to brief but bitter war in 1962.	there would have been millions less dead if we had done so and the government would be but little different than it is now.
'cause it seems that because they create "all these jobs", they are somehow entitled to a free pass.	and in fact the research that backs up this health care bill out of the house spells it out clearly.
this is why the right is destined to lose its ass.	that is why i have said revere puts himself into a pretzel shape.
the twenty-seven-year-old man died of four gunshot wounds.	three of the seals being rescued were also killed and the fourth wounded.
lol that must really piss off the repubs who kept harping on how the unions destroyed the auto industry.	ok that explains one more trillion of bush's addition to the national debt.
i got the sas bravo, and it's totally comfortable right from the git-go.	in those states, minority, student and poor voters are most likely to feel the pinch from the new rules.
the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy.	the opening statement you quoted is a fact i'm afraid.
i took out the loan about a year ago.	i dont think you are wrong at all.
and even worse, to display the racism, we hate in others.	granted we never took baths together.
at the moment you're catastrophising everything, and it doesn't have to be like that.	on the other hand your side states that millions of private sector jobs have been created...so
it's real simple: get the hell out of everybody's bedroom and start worrying about the economy.	i wanted to speak to the head on the teachers recommendation but he was really busy.
and the points of light foundation continues to help the nation find opportunities for people to serve one another.	the point is that women/girls are constrained to carry it and bear its burden in more than one way.
when i have more time (tomorrow), i will provide the sources for all of this information.	whatever the amount was, i hope he sold his soul and his ethics for a high amount.
we saved close to $300 a month.	they paid him over $30 million.
it's not your money anymore when you die.	there's only one early memory i can absolutely date.
i sympathise completely, i have 4 kids and we both work.	i am suprised we all havent wiped each other out by now.
tomorrow is the state of the union and obama will be talking about the huge deficit we have.	fallout will come over the nation that fires it iran,, iraq wouldnt be to happy about it either.
kill off the weak, and shit won't cost so much for the rest of us.	i'm terrified, and dh doesn't talk about it much but he's nervous too.
my god, you're an asshole.	makes very good sense.
no real harm was done so i don't think they should be punished.	ah well, at least it proves that we don't agree with corporal punishment.
the thing that helps me out is exercise with light (5 lb) free weights.	though i think a fresh apple is a better choice, given it is washed well.
obama wined and dined.	mankind got 'organized'.
no "spouse" means no family relationship under social security whereby the surviving spouse can receive benefits at the working spouses rate if higher then their own.	9. no "spouse" means no established a family relationship where a spouse can then sponsor their spouse for immigration purposes.
it's people who make the precision parts the robots are made from.	i was told that you always take the price given and cut it in half and go from there.
come to think of it, that would include you, which might explain why you don't see it.	and come to think of it, in recent times too.
@hawkeye10, where is theodore "teddy" roosevelt when we need him---again?	@bumblebeeboogie, where are leaders of any stripe when we need them?
if what you said made sense, i could have a reply.	the words that made sense to you.
i am sure it was our very normal sized baby sitter, miss martyn, from a 2 year old perspective.	it makes me think it may be a true memory - it is so unlike older memories - very accurate from a wee person's perspective.
too much lunatic fringe screaming.	just what are you reading?
i hate bloated spending.	didnt want to read and run..
not so many - and most try to look as if they have - but some do.	it is a pretty sad statement of the times, imo, that things have gotten so bad.
islamic fundamentalists, of course; they never blow up anything.	and of course the poppy propaganda.
it is none of their business.	thinking esp of the korean war.
it seems like every time i make any decision with money he has a friend telling him to not be a little "bitch".	but morocco is a very diverse place and things that might be true in one region might not be true in another.
computers can only be as smart as whomever is programming them.	you're hearing only what you want to hear and imagining the rest.
the day's final witness, laurie gennari, had a starkly different take on the events of the week.	whether you like it or not, we are on the left side of the laffer curve.
the fact is, the tax cut/rebate he gave both times put money into mostly the lower to middle class folks.	the fact is we were burgled and these items were stolen.
had that been on the 5.30pm from victoria it would have been a goner.	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.
i'll answer for the car that i've got on order rather than my current company car (which is a passat).	i asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible.
you have triggered some areas that i need to have a long hard think about, that are maybe a bit less comfortable than the viewpoint i've taken so far.	i also feel some resentment towards friends of the same age who seem to be a little further along in their 'life plan' than i am.
as soon as you say anything in his defense they morph into "jesse and al sharpton".	i don't ever try to pass anything off as being other than it is.
i've been asked why i'm so opposed to a second investigation.	i haven't been to see him as i'm so angry and hating him.
as cruel as it sound, i would argue freedom of choice wins out on this fact and this alone.	whatever the amount was, i hope he sold his soul and his ethics for a high amount.
april/may/june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro, north carolina.	spring 1966 becomes head of chicago chapter of sclc's operation breadbasket.
you have it backwards.	you are quite welcome...
cause everybody is a racist!	was it even recorded as a crime?
you say a post is wrong then throw in ad homs and don't even attempt to support your claims.	is a bank going to help you when you don't even have a job anymore?
911sharethetruth.com,	and that's the truth.
i really am fascinated by all these whimsical nicknames thrown out by individuals such as this.	if you are fascinated by knives and guns, then go to a comprehensive.
mr. chalabi sit directly behind mrs bush during the last state of the union address.	cafcass is impartial, and work for the childs interests, not those of the parents.
and what's happening today is because of what happened, uh, "backward".	quit listening to him because he's such a damned negative nancy.
what annoyed me the most about these campaigners was the extremely aggressive approach they were taking.	he does not have the balls to put his own numbers on the table, and suggest how they pay for it.
not much) but a lot of debts, so i don't think there will be a probate.	at one point he was at a desk on his own, but now he sits beside my daughter.
have any of you used a va loan to buy a house, then received a lot of streamline refinancing letters saying you'll save a bunch by refinancing?	if you have used the va loan, and then refinanced using the streamline program, i'd be thrilled to hear about it!
and this was of particular interest.	those who lead us along this path to bankruptcy are not heroes.
great catch anyone who would compare sharpton to hitler is just well a moron and a major pile of shit.	as a bank manager, you would expect him to have made a will but people are strange and he may not have done.
plus, in ca they have to give you notice before your schedule.	i can't believe that the truth is so new to you, cecille.
now everyone knows that nsa stands for no such agency.	i really just dont know what to do or think anymore.
i emailed kevin barrett about some errors he made in a presentation.	what is even more bothersome to me personally...
i stand by everything i have said on this thread.	i was in iraq, everything is hot.
and it's not like he's even going to jail, he just got fired.	i don't write these things to judge anyone.
i didn't read the article.	if he did, he should face charges.
that's how brainwashed they are.	that was kind of rude.
while i wouldn't endorse the idea of going to thailand now, your friend will be fine, so long as he/she doesn't stray off the tourist/mainstream path.	if you don't like the idea of being sent to a foreign land where people want to kill you, don't join the military.
it used to just say 2:30pm as the last time it was changed and someone else's initials.	the justice system is a farce and we all know it.
obamabots believe obama doesn't lie.	you got obama down pat.
i've said what i've said, and if you have comprehension problems i cannot help you..	i have not read what she said beyond this site nor do i care what she said.
no country is perfect, but this country is far and away better than any other on earth.	our country is supposed to be a nation of laws and not men, right?
as you know, recently my mother died, and she named me and my sister as the executors of her will.	and ya know what, almost to the person the cnas were in nursing school and the nurses were in np school.
"that oil is already contaminating our shoreline.	what point are you trying to relay?
any more and it's suddenly "jesse and al sharpton and farakhan".	my mother died suddenly 2.5 years ago after a short illness in hospital.
we tried to implement a government insurance option and insurance companies spent billions to block it.	>>>> i don't think the government need to recognize anything as pertains to marriage.
there are rumors that mario monti could become the next prime minister of italy.	that means that his money is our money and same goes for mine.
it is when the temperature moves up to 2c above the pre-industrial level, expected in the middle of this century - within the lifetime of many people alive today - that serious effects start to come thick and fast, studies suggest.	but when the temperature moves up to the 3c level, expected in the early part of the second half of the century, these effects will become critical.
to continue insurance.	continued pt three times a week.
i didn't want to worry you.	insignificant to you maybe.
if we had not gone to afghanistan or iraq, everyone has a different opinion as to whether this country would be safer now.	if a bj was the biggest concern of the nation with the president right now-the whole country would be a lot better.
god has a plan for us all.	dh leaves tonight for work travel.
it may be that chirac wants to prevent religious violence before it starts.	i guess this is a last plea for help and guidance, before i do something silly.
but you know kids, a huge majority of them just aren't going to do it.	i know this is going to be the start of a really long road.
the slight trend that is in the data actually appears to be downward.	in this case i think that is beyond ceasar's bounds.
he didn't leave me, had no intentions of doing so.	they aren't the first news organization to do so.
the only questions remaning are "when" and "how bad".	of course not but the question is fast becoming not will israel strike but when and how.
you can jump to the moon.	you can read about the case below.
no one i phoned had any record of a will for him, so the solicitors are happy to proceed along this line.	none of them conformed to the conditions set out and agreed to by the allies.
without students, this country would lose all its technically gifted people, would lose all its main surgeons and researchers and all its very well educated employees.	the parents of the youth would go on the web site to see all the kind remarks about their child and then see the negative crap also.
just say you would like help in working out access for your son.	"you've ridden on our backs for too long...
people who design the parts the robots make.	but when i went the first time.
in australia you know straight away the difference as soon as you arrive in an aboriginal community.	even you have to know there is a difference between a misdemeanor and a felony.
but could you elaborate on why you think this isn't an expression of patriarchy?	am i the only one who thinks this is messed up?
furthermore detroit is not the only part of michigan ok i just want to respond to a couple things said within this thread.	vor: sorry to interupt you, but i just want to get something straight here.
does this concern you?	does this sound like the sensible option.
only a racist would think otherwise.	and it didnt bother me.
contraception is about family planning, not about wild sex.	the prisons are filling up and they're building more.
less than 6 months apart.	i am not among the six percent.
"i support your religious freedom to coerce your unwilling members to do things they don't want to do."	as cruel as it sound, i would argue freedom of choice wins out on this fact and this alone.
obama is coat tailing the operations set up by the previous admin.	the arab league is not something that should be taken seriously.
there's more to life than a couple of men.	you chose only that one angle to focus on.
well, she's not the most attractive woman in the world but for a politician there aren't many hotter out there...she	at one point they also walked up and down the student flats in the area approaching any students that came out the door.
if you run after him you are saying "your behaviour is ok" is it?	i do see what you are saying tho.there
which is fairly damning, since it's one of the longest running programs in the country.	my understanding (imperfect, i'm sure) is that there is no active persecution of jews in the country.
she has since (afaik) tried to gather his assets/estate and has also been in touch with the hsbc pension scheme over here (i know this because i got in touch with them too).	in that case paypal refused to unfreeze the account and also refused to transfer the money to the red cross because of a business deal it had made with united way.
this is precsisely, is it not?,	this is not rocket science.
agreed- no need to flog this deceased equine.	no need to tell them at all.
i was in shock for about a week!	hi jtr, no you're not alone!
and definitely didn't want to go into a nursing home.	harming innocent people isn't going to get your message across.
and it gets worse - hundreds of skimmers sit idle...	and thats where his inheritance ended up.
this isn't just an american problem, this is the worlds problem.	to say that it's all america's fault is not correct.
you get a speeding ticket even when you're parked.	"you're going to see how they work all right."
im up to my eyes in debt with virtually no income.	i'll update you with the outcome.
those idiots at the memorial last week...hmmm,	edit: what is this i don't even...
you never did respond to that.	i never put words in your mouth.
but they are extremely accurate and consistant.	what about that claim about a communist plot?
does anyone else find this to be a little much to believe?	anyone else feel like this?
so i was just wondering why the media is so stupid?	are you just ignoring the cnn link i posted?
he told them it's the responsibility of the owner to clean up after his dog.	i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird.
history is pretty clear on this one.	(this is in primary by the way).
he's just one more republican who doesn't get laid and doesn't want anyone else to either.	he insisted one of the workers at the dmv give him one and she turned him down and got fired because of that.
no atomic bombs, no surrender.	the atomic bombs were not ready until summer 1945.
president obama saved all of us from the threat of those fake toner cartridge bombs.	best news many of us have heard in the last decade.
you shouldn't - if you would have the same wages and benefits without the union.	i didn't feel there was any bias in there.
however, i believe i've found the disconnect and bolded it above.	however, they have misunderestimated the american people once again.
but i still oppose the gz mosque for the exact reason revere put forward.	i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird.
sometime rights come into conflict and they need to be resolved.	sometimes during war you have to misdirect the enemy.
i have no remembrance of the speeches made before jfk's grave that day.	i also remember the last time the shale oil bollocks ran rampant here.
continued pt three times a week.	got in and out with relative ease the last time i went.
these are ridiculous iranian people are jeopardized by this., not its government.	as thomas correctly pointed out, a great many people could and would be replaced by technology if this were the case.
this seems to be an election without a result.	this is war and people die in wars.
he did not start out in the copy room of some local city paper and work his way up to mogul.	not a single word said about the idiocy of someone that poor thinking about mating.
in a roundabout way he was prophetic as we have the mess we have 32+ years later.	in an instant the houses viewed have not received a coat of paint in years.
we're in deep trouble folks.	i agree with there goes trouble.
with marshall - 8 weeks (but my first was a preemie and she wanted to see me earlier than normal) my current pregnancircumstances was our 1st appt.	i got a us with marshall at 9-10 weeks for dating purposes and if i would of been more certain on this pregnancy, we wouldn't of had one.
instead, sea level has risen about half an inch in the past four years.	their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats.
why would they not be sympathetic to people whom are essentially their own colleagues?	you "honored" the dead by pestering a group of people who were interested in not creating any more dead?
the only people that can afford it are the super rich...	he got bin laden from a place that bush didn't dare to go into.
i think it was paul krugman who said that, and i like it.	but i can understand how some might have found it insensitive.
obama agreed and compromised.	obama has been a massive and utter failure.
he did not start out in the copy room of some local city paper and work his way up to mogul.	not a single word said about the idiocy of someone that poor thinking about mating.
it's a pretty far-fetched argument, just like those that argue that god or satan made me do it.	it is a pretty sad statement of the times, imo, that things have gotten so bad.
you really are clueless.	they all have their issues.
don't be such a debbie downer, hip.	don't cook for him - he's a grown up.
something republicans "mock".	so i'm thinking of calling in sick.
the effect, to use your caps, is the same anywhere people are, or feel, oppressed.	we don't know her history as she was a stray when someone gave her to us.
good luck whatever you decide to do.	my son is never ever selected to go.
however, i'm sure we disagree on how to go about it.	however, is this any reason to allow crime to continue in your neighborhood?
bit of backstory: my dad lived in america (indiana) for the past 7 years.	i have to say im bad and have called in sick before when i wasnt really sick.
my memories i think i may have a terrible memory because the earliest i can remember is around the time i was in kindergarten.	the bill was passed in the lower house of the french parliament in december, but it needs to be approved by the senate to go into effect.
thanks again, for proving my other point while you're struggling to argue with me and insult me.	thanks for proving my point about you being an ignorant shitstain too lazy to think and separate rumor from reality.
you don't get someone to feel better by telling them that they feel better, you get them to feel better by helping them figure out what's wrong.	i'm sure your children are worried about you and i'm sure they'd appreciate you telling them how you're feeling, rather than them fretting because they're seeing their mum upset.
don't people ever learn?	we don't have a college record?
if you can't sort things out without suing someone or speaking to a therapist, then you're not ready to shoot grouse.	it's scary to think that he could have stood next to me in line at the movies or the store.
tillman may not have been liked by some of his peers.	so i have been looking around for somewhere else.
if that is what he did, he totally ignored the severity of the accusation, if not legally, but absolutely in terms of the impact it could have on his football program.	those idiots can only think of one answer to the question because anything else would spoinl their attempt to make this a race issue.
the forfeiture program is just a way for federal employees to enrich themselves at the expense of victims of crimes.	overt propaganda utilised as a means of empowering the state at the expense of the common man in the street!
perhaps they are starting to realize that the president isn't a cure-all for a damaged economy.	still trying to believe that the world is a zero sum game?
so, i guess that's it.	seriously, it's true.
so says an anamous message board poster.	my son has adhd and autistic spectrum disorder.
i swear you protestants think everyone in some type of leadership role is the antichrist.	i think everyone feels like you at sometime in their lives..
it's real simple: get the hell out of everybody's bedroom and start worrying about the economy.	i wanted to speak to the head on the teachers recommendation but he was really busy.
"we cannot write history with laws.	"she's not sitting here" he said.
and what has jesse jackson contributed to american life?	i refuse to argue jesse jackson on this or any other thread.
i recommend looking at mircea eliade's book on initiation.	i fear that mum is beginning to deteriorate mentally due to lack of stimulation.
of course, it'll appease his dittoloonies.	this is of course, upsetting.
also asked about getting an injunction against him they gave me the number for womans aid to get help with obtaining one.	i said fine can she give me their number and she said she would put me on hold.
one other thing, the reason why most like me think private enterprise is the only way to go now is because our govt.	most of those truthers are likely to just move on after the election and look for other things to be pissed off about.
hear a different perspective each time.	but when i went the first time.
i understand his scope is very limited.	then i found others that countered what she said.
i think of you, nowadays, as a brother, marc!	lol just in time to start another war!!
this was an accident...	this is totally unacceptable!
they had it right in the beginning when it was about being angry at wall street.	the loan was originally to combine other debt and buy a new car.
1984 founds the national rainbow coalition.	1996 returns to operation push in chicago.
jubilantly, he announced to the retinue of sailors around him..	i want to eat so i need to have a car to drive me around.
uk hoped that new countries help to break france-german hegemony in eu, but they are scared from them and never will vote against them.	however, the compromise meant that insurance companies can be told by government that they must offer something, even if it goes against their morals.
health insurance should be treated with various cover options with everyone that seeks to have health care coverage paying for basic services.	it sounds as if your health care coverage rations in the exact same way that private health care does.
he took two small papers with declining circulation in a small city in south australia and built a media empire and made himself on of the wealthiest men in the world.	we may get a call from a client saying that they need something and called another service as well..and the one who performs the quickest gets the order.
well our money hungry goverment has found another pretext to sieze money from well meaning capitalists.	fdny is city government and they were on site since the planes hit.
armed soldiers still patrol the capital, but discretely.	another uncle works at the janesville plant currently.
in that speech he claimed the murder rate in flint michigan had more than doubled already.	the jihadists have little hope of being able to hijack any more planes so easily.
for instance if we made cars without robots it would take 10x the manpower to produce what we now produce.	the reality is that they do exist and civil marriage brings with it large impacts on the transfer of property between spouses.
lastly, i am amazed by your spin on the fact that half of americans don't pay federal income tax.	clearly the child had (has) a problem based on the fact that he committed murder.
i've already asked and you've clarified it.	i have also worked at vanderbuilt.
which is why i'm not thrilled with the idea of my daughter marrying a human bean...	he's not too thrilled with our history either...
he still hasn't to this day.	epic post seriously, doesn't this hurt?
fact: no such weapons were ever used by the iraqis to defend against the invasion and, of course, none were ever found in iraq.	that theory arose in the 1930s as the answer to the great depression, which, of course, never worked.
i agree on the miscarriage of justice.	it said wreckage of the craft was strewn at the scene.
-usps will lose your package and not scan it.	you may also lose your single person council tax status.
it was what he did after he inherited them that make him a self made man, not the fact that he inherited them.	it was the same offer we accepted after we targeted civilians with the a-bombs and dropped them.
he married you, chose to have a child with you and loves you unconditionally.	they havent raised any moral issues or issues of any kind with having to provide contraception at no additional cost.
yet we allow our society to treat them like adults.	i think, we look like a joke to the rest of the world, universe.
they gave wall street all that taxpayer cash.	they are killing themselves as a politcal force.
i was always fascinated by history and people's past experiences...	i wish paul was a little bit more articulate and less frenetic in his responses.
these people need a dictator who's willing to use mass murder when they step out of line.	most people feel unintelligent and awkward when they first get to uni- you're definitely not alone there.
i chose this, my favorite thread, to make my 20,000th post.	low wages are hard to make it with in the us.
come on use some common sense.	so we had to assume some one stole them.
all that takes "education".	and that's the truth.
the smell of gun powder smoke dont bother me to much, but it take me there.	great time to add another fee to those taking out mortgages then.
amd loose both of us.	and of course the poppy propaganda.
president obama would continue that trend.	i don't mean for president; i mean out of the country.
they have no death penalty, no life sentence, and maximum sentence for a crime is 21 years.	dh has not been asked to give a statement, and we assume nor has the cabby.
i was terrified all the way to the hospital after my water broke.	i do think they should pay to clean up the oil spill, and fix whatever went wrong.
they dont have the same social and economic problems as we in the uk have which is a big factor..	little do they know they're far left utopia only works if the whole world is in it too.
and it's not just skilled jobs but also unskilled jobs.	you must tell us who killed jfk.
if people need help, just assume charity and local gov'ts aren't enough and just tax everyone else to pay for it, what's the difference?	if millions have a disastrous medical issue, like cancer, or hundreds or thousands have a natural disaster issue, what's the difference?
i was in sever debt which through hard work i am getting out of.	in this instance, i chose the wrong words in my analogy of the situation.
then i just had a lady complain about shipping being 13.49 to california for 8 cups/8 saucers.	then he sped away without stopping, without calling the police or calling for an ambulance.
i'm not suggesting any conspiracy.	that's nothing new in iraq.
killing in the us is just part of day-to-day life in the us.	it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay.
you are still a pile.	no, you had second hand experience.
men outnumber women in the camp somewhere between 5 to 1 and 10 to 1.	i think my earliest memory was somewhere between 3 and 4 years old.
all the sanctions is affecting ordinary iranians!	well then-what is your opinion on us getting involved in libya?
the more it looks like zimmerman acted in self defense, the less you will hear of this case.	the majority of this nation believes in god and believes that he will turn on us.
newt has been neither forthright or accurate.	mushy has to be the odds on favorite.
i wish paul was a little bit more articulate and less frenetic in his responses.	just when was that little bit of legislation signed into law?
the answer is absolutely.	the ones with other symbols succeeded.
as you've said, once they're focussin on other bits in dimmed light then who cares!	and while you're at it, find out why rupert is investing in the prince's middle eastern network.
as for the personal tales on this thread, none of us has said all that much.	for this reason they probably need to stay inside - unless they really change.
so, whom does the king stand for?	but who decides and how is that enforced?!
we must be vigilant against enemies both domestic and foreign.	i just went on a little ride with some bad people.
and that is the debate being had.	this took place in hartford, ct.
i just read about this story.	he still hasn't to this day.
i say the time to tackle the iran issue is now.	i really want this sorted and not sure what else i can do.
until i know the facts i won't make a decision.	now here's a decent post worth reading.
ows and wall street are just in competition with each other for their handouts.	the court must take into consideration the technology of the times in their ruling.
in that sense this is just the latest in a very long string of poor public relation and customer service incidents but this one is one of the stupider ones i've seen.	that's why the us has the largest prison population in the world, in both numbers, and as a percentage of the population.
chances are it will move more to the middle over time.	boycott as you deem fit, but calling for the death of the ceo is over the top.
but when they are of a moral or religious nature it's not government's business.	for them, the morality or lack of it was not the question.
it was never meant to be taken seriously.	but even that might not be enough.
in short, i would call in sick if there was a good reason to do so, such as the one you stated!	as for lumping all islamic countries together as a no go area - what complete nonsense!
they found the bomb before they found the woman.	but he wanted to see his grandson be born.
you know how i would feel supported if i was a troop overseas?	that's how i would feel supported.
they are not made up of the usual zombietime bums, college students or acorn bussed in hacks and seiu union thugs or commie funded answer geeks.	they would retain all of their chinese, korean and other possessions and we would return their home island captures.
but my mommy and daddy were pinkos.	bet you already know the answer.
the bush administration smeared his name when he could not defend himself.	meditation and exercise are really helpful, so definitely try to do those.
unfortunatly, florists really rack up the prices for funerals.	a generation of unfortunate vietnamese have paid the price for that madness.
i like the fact that i have good friends i can trust of many races, and if someone treats me decently, the color of her skin doesn't matter at all.	i'm sure the cartoonists think they are all terribly ironic, and forget that some of them are not all that talented.
3. basically, everything is abundant, without the need for anyone to work.	virtually every city in the country grants a monopoly to one cable company or another.
they have "no" standards.	they have wisdom in their own way.
it's just who we are as a society.	it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay.
they live in england and should speek english!	what does keeping england english even mean?
why did one of them attack another with a drill in my school?	what thing has she done and what other thing has she done?
no college in their right mind would accept these kids in the past, and not one bank would give them a loan prior to the government guaranteeing the loan.	who in their right mind would chose not to help, if they could help in any way?
teachers and principles would not shield me from other kids and my family doesn't even know i exist.	i most certainly did not treat the disaster as if it doesn't exist.
obama has been a massive and utter failure.	consider it a preventative measure and use it wisely.
we call that space "batshit crazy".	he still hasn't to this day.
lol @ uk border agency.	so much for decision day.
she then said she could not give me their number.	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.
this is actually quite amazing.	this is just this week alone.
that means that his money is our money and same goes for mine.	that is what the founders of the movement intended.
and of course, it wasn't my grandmother who drove home with my sister, it was my mother.	and the lady in the hallway with me was my grandmother, not my mother.
most apple juice is too sweet to drink, to me anyway.	my opinion is that bush spent $1 t rillion to get saddam.
why does it matter that he's black?	why do you think it matters to willow?
and you are excusing it cause shes "not the president".	but our parents said "oh no, it was an accident".
if he did, he should face charges.	she then said she could not give me their number.
bring back the kitten.	being a university student.
the fight is today and it is continuing.	it was our day, how we wanted and it was wonderful.
if this is accepted as the norm, what will follow?	this is the wrong thread for this.
also something about getting ripped off by people you don't know on the internet.	talking about the problem will help you deal with it.
that is what the founders of the movement intended.	that is the entire case.
so go ahead and process that for a while.	how about a link to that information?
i see, we've change the direction of debate because the other was fruitless?	i never stated that the doctrine of what supremacy was at the root of cause of slavery.
any advice would be more than welcome.	i would suggest that a few more than "nobody" cared.
on the local news today, they had a caller trying to defend this racist bitch saying "she was taken out of context"...	a conservative will reply as they have been instructed with something like "you poop on streets!"
in addition to streamlining the launching of strikes, it would provide deniability to the yemeni government because the cia operations would be covert.	it depends on the state as to whether unpasteurized milk is illegal, it's not the federal government or fda that decides that.
i wish paul was a little bit more articulate and less frenetic in his responses.	i was always fascinated by history and people's past experiences...
i have lost many gay friends in the 80's and 90's.	i have also just realised my wife is now in the exact same situation.
i first had thoughts it could be him about 10 months ago but it was just 90% speculation.	oh my i thought it was the end of the world but it wasn't.
you might consider beck to be a lot of people, but not really that many people pay any attention to that psycho.	i don't think there are too many people, just too many people to live in the way that we are living.
if you want to file a joint return, have your ira passed on to your spouse without the tax burden, have legal recognition as family, and lots of other stuff you need a document accepted by the government as proof of marriage.	if you want to be with him you do have to lay your cards on the table,you have to mean it too and be prepared to walk away if he isn't commited to leaving his marriage in the near future.
for example if she phoned i would say very sorry but i am in the middle of cooking/football/anything.	not only do i not have the funds for this, but i am in the 3rd year of an iva.
unfortunately, when you are raising a family that is not so easy to do.	unfortunately the teachers union's work to discredit them.
but in my case, i figured we had enough of our own.	i am suprised we all havent wiped each other out by now.
quit listening to him because he's such a damned negative nancy.	i told him no because we really need to start saving, we have nothing.
however my cash flow is better with them then without since the rental income more than covers the mortgages on them plus...	and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices.
does this sound like the sensible option.	so what does this have to do with newt?
people who are the technicians to maintain the robots.	rslw: because they are horrible, fascist skin head brutes.
this has never been a secular nation, ever.	ok, thanks for the explanation.
they offered up private solutions, good ones, ones that don't increase taxes on anyone.	neither government nor people should impose their values on anyone.
i have heard really good things about them.	i can tell some of them, if anyone wants to hear.
no charges filed against 26 year old.	now they are set in their ways.
there are far more important political and economical reasons for military intervention or political sanctions.	the true heroes will be ones that bear the burden of 40 years of political discourse.
some seniors also work beyond "retirement" age.	it is also very easy to target and mock.
and why should cops have to accept less benefits?	and you have a problem with this?
ows has already launched the class war into the consciousness of millions of americans.	of course they are because without the "expansion" they have no argument.
more often than not ows protestors are targeting their peers on the street rather than anyone who has committed any actual wrong doing.	if someone visited the us and went to la they might have a different perception of the us than someone who visited and went to new orleans.
we live in a society where everyone gets a voice, and this is the current policy.	it seems like if a candidate went to a state, and said, "i hate all of you.
if you really want to dive into these ideas, in a much more in depth manner i suggest you watch this video.	you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying, my friend.
as a parent and grandma can i give you some advice hun?	you didn't request a beating and they gave you one anyway?
it has just been announced that gerald ford, 38th president of the united states has died.	i have a history of giving due credit to president obama for the few things he has done right.
but, you know, don't hold your breath on that one fellas because, you know, when america invades a country, we love you long time.	do you think she just told you not to bother because you just had a baby not to long ago?
ows has captured the attention and participation of the entire world.	returned with great quality and a great representation of our firm.
other states have cut back on early voting, a hugely popular innovation used by millions of americans.	they say the hardest job in the military is being a military spouse and my wife was one for most of my military career.
unless you happen to think that freedom of religion = supporting terrorists.	the tea party didn't promote ending the intereference of religion in politics.
but i agree lets hear about some other news as well.	i agree that you need to see the gp and try some counselling.
i won't let you put words in my mouth..	we don't need to turn on each other.
quartermass has not given opinion in that last post, namvet.	this was a long and ongoing struggle that lasted almost 2 years.
my understanding (imperfect, i'm sure) is that there is no active persecution of jews in the country.	they lined up to insist that the government had to change direction if the party was to win a fourth term.
in the future farming will become an endeavor of the highly educated (not necessarily degrees, but real education).	the true heroes will be the people will have to endure the emanate mass austerity, sovereign default or currency devaluation.
friends often say i'm lazy, and i can't disagree a lot of the time.	he didn't look away and he did have empathy for the victim.
"the protest is going well so far.	"our request is the same.
do they deserve have the family business?	government or the guys that actually own the business?
the people has less taken out of their pockets but the government still got its revenue.	we want a flat, fair and wide base and most importantly, for the government to live within it's means.
the "bud" was just a stolen name and address.	he doesn't just swear in conversation, he swears at me, and gets really aggressive.
look at our manufacturing industry.	look at the bigger picture.
how original of you tm.	how about all of new york state?
let them argue that evil midgets from outerspace forced him to do it, the end result will be the same, a guilty verdict.	they are almost never encountered because people who know the truth will tell someone.
and while you're at it, find out why rupert is investing in the prince's middle eastern network.	there's only one way to find out: get the damn thing in the gulf and we'll see."
i wonder if he believes them now?	it's not like he needs the money.
tomorrow is the state of the union and obama will be talking about the huge deficit we have.	they keep talking about the huge deficit in the obama admin.
wouldn't that be the same for anyone?	laws should be for everyone.
i keep telling you not to read those prophecy sites rdean, you are getting confused.	why don't you start dealing with the facts before you try lecturing others.
it displaces more water than an aircraft carrier.	it does not matter what your sexual preference's are.
however, by that same rationale, it is unfair to criticize the movement itself for a few of the trouble-makers.	where it goes wrong in practice is when they create a central government to control the communes.
i have not heard about any kind of will relating to my dad.	i don't know what to make of the whole thing to be honest..
that theory arose in the 1930s as the answer to the great depression, which, of course, never worked.	that way the people in the know will be able to pick and choose what is needed from what you have provided.
if you can't see that, you need to repeat the 2nd grade.	and i can't say the gop would be any different if they get in.
now they are set in their ways.	we are at war with al-qaida.
there has always been relative poverty.	hes a good family man and has been a below average president.
“that’s the real danger of obamacare,” giuliani says.	that is the state of class warfare in our society.
less cops - more murder and rapes.	ask for the crime number and see.
and we got some significant things that need doing.	so say those that ruined it.
i usually blurt out that the truth movements goal is not a second investigation, their goal is to absolve al qaeda of the murder of thousands of innocent people and that makes me mad.	they report that there are no planes coming in or out, and that there are tens of thousands of people at the airport.
we explain that to our tempos when they apply with us so they understand the importance of always being reachable..to	as the only white in the hall, i understood why the question was being asked.
i don't even know if he had a will, and if so, was it over here?	did anyone tell obama it's dangerous over there?
no spousal privilege in the case of a criminal prosecution.	it should be a matter of fact not a goverment regulation.
what's the chance of the protests spreading?	what have they done to deserve this?
bad decisions and greed is what got a whole lot of citizens in trouble too.	my son is 7 and i dread to think what i would do in this situation.
we now know that tillman was planning to come out publicly in opposition to the iraq invasion.	he got a letter in the post this morning, dated tuesday, saying the police were closing their investigation.
she acts like she had no idea who she was praising.	she then said she could not give me their number.
it's obvious that you love your daughter and want what's best.	no it's just that people like you can't be honest.
i read through the entire label on one bottle (motts) and could not find anything to indicate where the apple juice was from.	beyond that, i am not convinced the scotus can find anything new to say about the first amendment on these facts.
for the larger issue, if you are going to take that route, then is islam an inherently evil/violent religion?	are you prepared to admit therefore that islam is a murderous religion?
i'm pretty sure that apples grown in china, and juiced in, say, washington state could be labeled "made in usa".	gotta love the people who insist on "helping" you when it could be easier to do it yourself...
must get lost in my posts, what with the other women and all.	that is what the founders of the movement intended.
now, to address your "point".	no, it's not just you.
that surgery was relatively fast (3 hrs?) and no physical side effects, aside from the 70 staples.	i was extremely green and not at all effective for the most part.
2. changing the subject do only the rich deserve the best healthcare?	dodge, change the subject, project what they have been instructed to believe etc...
cons: you have to pay the 0.5% funding fee.	if i have to say it a million times….i
here is what you should have asked layton...	they didn't even have a train station...
his ratings don't match that claim.	she continues to get death threats.
in the great debate over newt and his love life, people keep bringing up the case of clinton.	i don't know if this goes for people generally, but that was how g went.
let's not go conspiracy here..but	its not going to effect the world one bit.
there are even putin youth leagues harassing opponents above the law.	there are procedures and medications the government does not cover.
opec has never been able to enforce any of its quotas on production or prices.	we have never claimed on our contents insurance before and so i don't know what the correct protocol is.
i agree that there has to be a reasonable amount of secrecy in a case like this.	there has to be a present risk of harm, editec.
he was so passed out that he didn't even flinch.	as it's evident, the cops in that area didn't even do that!
the my physio said 'stop taking the ibuprofen, that won't help.'	they envisioned a little elastic string holding the hadrons together.
once they remembered that i needed inviting to things because i was no longer in a position to hear about things in discussion i never got left out again.	woman at the nursery also said that they're appalling in answering calls, i was on for over half an hour waiting for an answer in the morning.
i don't mind paying taxes, but i hate to see so many of my neighbors having to move because of these huge increases.	i can't find anything to support her claim that foreign ships have been there since the rig exploded.
you do realize in the united states we can vote for anyone of any party or of no party at all, right?	you do realize that there is a difference between an insurance company and a health care provider right?
don't even get me started on how badly labour wrecked the economy, or how they totally destroyed the police force.	it took the parent of martin 3 days before they got the word from the local police dept.
i lost him when i was quite young, and like most ww ii vets, he would never discuss what he'd been through.	i told him, and he's angry and me, but he told me he didn't want me before i did it.
they are just doing another day at work.	they are about a future where you come first.
based on the highly regarded novel by väinö linna.	i had to read the whole thread in one sitting.
it is now undergoing political turmoil with tens of thousands out on the street.	it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.
- ronald reagan thank you all for your input.	thank you for your concern pelastration.
why does it matter that he's black?	who's got a better one?
i'm sure the house came with a child sized hole kicked in already.	she went on so much that i said i would get a ew on in february.
the location of a person's birth doesn't make his life any more or less valuable than his neighbor's.	i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird.
she's on line here but hasn't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus, and whether or not she want's our nation's laws to follow all of leviticus.	don't you follow, and want our laws to follow all of leviticus?
just this shoulder pain.	does this sound like the sensible option.
you can have wild sex without contraception.	you can read about the case below.
they cant bring back my bother.	thank you for demonstrating my point.
at the same time, you will go metric with immediate effect and without the benefit of conversion tables.	the emergency measures barely affected daily life in the city of over 10 million people.
so why wasn't she able to report this factually, and based on that why should we believe her reporting?	but no, he acts as if he got a memo from the mcqueary and forwarded it on to his superiors like he was supposed to.
democrats should be ashamed of this administration and their hyper partisan, dishonest, fear mongering.	in any case, he was busting pretty hard on the administration and the (r) congress for spending like crazy.
am i confusing my numbers, or is that about ten percent of the population?	and i can't say the gop would be any different if they get in.
no one has yet written the equivalent tale from china, and the russian story has only partly emerged.	now he has been charged everyone has got something to say about it, mainly untrue gossip that they have heard.
people who design the robots.	move to where the food is..
they have craft things, bingo, speakers, dances etc. she really enjoys it and wouldn't get out much otherwise.	if they have made peace with their pay, then there is no reason you should not be at peace with their pay as well.
ask yourself this question!	source: justin quinn.
when would you prefer him to announce his resignation and start the process of electing a new leader?	then they hear the defence - plus get an education about the principles of sentencing.
mean, i know that a car is a material posession, but i like to keep my stuff looking nice if i can help it.	in actual practise, the clinics tend to keep the embryos on ice because they fear law suits.
a well stated answer, willow.	and question answers.
so it's an economic not a military invasion.	have been in a similar situation myself.
they understand that that there are many other factors to be considered (i.e.	and all to few understand, therefore nothing will be done to avoid the slide.
ask for the crime number and see.	just like you and me.
if so i'd try and get the same sort of flowers hi, so sorry for your loss.	i actually think lougher acted the way he did out of some sort of form of psychosis.
it was an eye-opener.	he didn't see any either.
i became aware of a strong, beautiful woman, heard her speak, "i want to ask a question.	i told him to bring lots of pens and paper because i had lots i wanted to say and lots of questions.
so, why beat around the bush?	why is that so hard to understand?
if they have made peace with their pay, then there is no reason you should not be at peace with their pay as well.	the debate is whether or not a new mosque should be built at that very location.
everyone in our society gets a voice.	even if you do it by pretending it doesn't exist.
lemme change her real quick for you."	maybe america isn't the place for you?
currently none of the procedures i have been recommended for are on the no go list, but it exists.	not to mention the meddling we have been doing inside iran for the past 100 years or so...
some who went to war didn't want to go, but felt they could not disobey.	some refused to go because they didn't want to be killed.
vor: have you read george orwell's 1984?	are you ready to meet me?)
but even if you have a sound business plan...and	you don't even wait for the water to boil anymore.
new countries joined in fear from economical revenge for refuse.	alternative hostelries within the near vicinity beckon, with an even sense of urgency.
and just wait till you see what they have to say about the business of global warming orthodoxy 40 years from now.	do the math, and we dont have to worry about these fuckkers fubaring the future of our kids.
carter signed an executive order on july 3, 1979 authorizing funding for cia covert activities.	he served eleven years total behind bars for his antiwar activities.
there are lovely blokes out there who dont give a toss about physical appearance in that way.	there are only two kinds of proper football; one you call soccer, and rugby (dominated by the new zealanders).
i have not read what she said beyond this site nor do i care what she said.	hope that helps i've been with my boyfriend since i was 16 years old.
when i was done i would either flush or drag them around the house.	in no way was he better on the question of the war than johnson.
this seems to come up a lot as well, as a matter fo fact countries were better off under british rule..bring	they used their puppet governments of the shah and saddam to control the countries to counter soviet influence in the region.
i don't need you to state whether you've excused it or not, by your actions its clear that you have.	i don't mean to be dense, but why do you have to find out what his long term intentions are?
it seems like if a candidate went to a state, and said, "i hate all of you.	it seems like every time i make any decision with money he has a friend telling him to not be a little "bitch".
he doesnt seem to realise or maybe he just doesnt care how it makes me feel.	i havent access to anymore, and to be honest i dont want it.
meets dr. king; asks him for a job.	i wasnt trying to make him feel bad.
early in our friendship she confessed her marriage was in trouble...i	using your definition - there was no housing bubble.
that is, they legally exclude any other company from providing services in the area.	that is not happening today and, frankly, i do not see it happening in the near future.
it seems this morning that it's the conservative party."...<cont>	it's almost like you're a closeted conservative...
he can run with palin.	there may be trouble there again.
godspeed mr. president...	he is an ex-ecb vice president.
cartels always fall apart.	murder is not always face to face, yanno.
it would take decades for iran to develop enough arms to really threaten israel and they never will anyways.	it sounds like you are going to have a really busy weekend without going to work anyways...and
wars can speed the process up but as soon as the war is over it goes back to the same old slow approval process.	clearly we need the poor to have money in their pockets so they can buy our goods and services.
so what does this have to do with newt?	what kind of outlets did this veteran have?
it's extremely difficult for china to be certified organic because of their practices.	it's only relevant if you apply for a new mortgage, as others have said.
however you phrase it, we have not seen tax receipts this low as a percentage of gdp since the end of wwii.	after all the whites have occupied this land sicne the dawn of man.
not one speech he's given tells me he loves this country.	can only see them wanting to convert to btl if/when they find out.
(or seem to by not just saying it doesn't.)	sorry, you just don't.
at least we assume so.	what medications was he on?...
robert, next to that easy emotional comment which seems to ventilate frustration...	three of the seals being rescued were also killed and the fourth wounded.
he added that nato sent a delegation to meet with local leaders and investigate the incident.	and if we continue to be a nation that allows sex with anyone, any time with anyone.
george bush chose a black woman to be his top adviser on national security.	he married you, chose to have a child with you and loves you unconditionally.
stop getting your info from fox.	i wound up getting an epidural during that one.
they are sitting on over a trillion dollars in cash.	they broke into their families homes, as well.
how about all of new york state?	you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.
it was only meant to be temporary but my partner then realised he quite liked the idea of a regular income also, and also found work.	i got into town on saturday, we spent the day together, he slipped into a coma early sunday and was gone by monday morning.
i think you need to stop obsessing about what your friends are doing without you, and start inviting them to do things with you.	however, i might try to find someone with the means and skills to investigate the position because i do think it has merit.
it's not healthy for our nation.	that's not just from the ex-wife.
that is because, speaking for myself, i recognize the oppressive nature of that government.	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.
the politics of congress).	that is how it works.
what if they do try very hard at their homework and blow it at the test.	the whole world was astonished and followed the beast.
they are not made up of the usual zombietime bums, college students or acorn bussed in hacks and seiu union thugs or commie funded answer geeks.	they would retain all of their chinese, korean and other possessions and we would return their home island captures.
is there really monies in this ue ext.	and the race card is coming up next.
you're offended when people use the word "brew" to mean beer.	"you're going to see how they work all right."
because they're not shameful liberal media race-baiters.	because he isn't a leader, he is a perpetual campaigner and chief.
and that was certainly a motivator for me to work my way up the career ladder of my profession.	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.
there is no possible way the cbo's or any of the various blogs cited numbers here can work.	here is a good point by point q&a analysis of these unrests in thailand.
sue your high school english teacher.	you help your dog chase its tail.
i am not sure if what i have written is what the coroner actually wants or what he can use.	i often wonder if he might have lived longer had he stayed with a more physically demanding job.
all life and death medical decision do, in my opinion.	he is the least pc of them all, thus far, and in my opinion.
al sharpton grew up doing the preacher circuit for his particular brand of religion.	are you prepared to admit therefore that islam is a murderous religion?
think it's going to stay that way with less police?	is there any way that can be avoided?
ah, but then bush is bush!	so that is bull shit!
it has gone something like this: first, there was an effort to say that no warming existed at all.	it's one thing if you are just lazy and forget, but its another thing to lie about diaper changes all together.
honestly when you think about it it really does look just..	but only the shoreline around the terrace itself was really my idea of skate-friendly.
and where he sticks his wand can be a matter of national importance.	and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions.
the government didn't have any thing to do with it.	either government has to honor religioius doctrine or it doesn't - pick one.
he's a very smart man.	haven't heard about that.
i didnt do as well at stanford, by the way.	i didn't want to read and run hun.
bill clinton got a blowjob in the oval office.	that was also about a blow job, of course.
silly me i didnt total how much but it was about 4 debts in total and i am sure it must have been about 5k in total.	my purpose here is not to rabble rouse, but to have a meeting with like or similar minds to discuss what has been and is going on.
some just want america to fail.	he just doesnt get it.
determining the law and instructing the jury in that law is what the judge is for.	however, the way i see it is that by blaming the pundits i.e.
but, if you are alluding to the idea that some people may die, i agree.	romney: well, he didnt have as much as i think some people anticipated.
easy enough to google to discover the flaws but here is one commentary on it.	it was left up to them to decide whether the first amendment applied.
and i think i had the highest grade point in my college of humanities.	and that i definitely think you have done the right thing for both yourself and your husband.
great britain: the countries of england, scotland and wales.	he has texted the house phone last night and all the kids.
you must spread some reputation around before giving it to katzndogz again.	then i'd wait for a second instance before bringing it up again.
he got taken to a&e and is still in hospital now.	i am just a big ball of hormones right now.
the school know he has this obviously and told the cdc he 'was fine' at school so the doc was really rude and said that i needed to do what the school was doing.	and the crowd would not be knowing that she would be adding more at the end, was sure applauding her story of what she did...
it could be worth a cheap ish course in assertivness (or a book).	it's another world out here - when we bought our house in '98, it was assessed at $67k.
i wouldn't be asking for anything in return but the chance to improve life for others.	why don't you start dealing with the facts before you try lecturing others.
the problem with these 'resolutions' targeting iran is that everyone can see the hypocrisy, its a case of our allies can have nukes but others can't.	the problem is, that i don't really have a life plan but i am the sort of person who likes to have things fairly planned out.
i fully and totally agree.	i'm really not sure why.
it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.	the "effect" people are talking about isn't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes.
how the hell was this allowed to happen for over 10 years?	my marriage has finally ended after 20 years.
relate is not just about keeping a couple together.	you're not stupid, just young and vulnerable.
we seem to have lost sight of the meaning of the whole thing...is	he was the first speaker of the house in history to be fined.
our nation as (they?)	how long ago was this?
believe that their country is under threat?	because they are the only ones that make sense.
for me, natural labor was quick and easy.	i'm an adult, and a wife and a mum.
there is no such thing as u.s. english.	there's more to life than a couple of men.
@patiodog, (i've shared this story before so please forgive the rerun...)	so ask yourself "do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better?"...i
i am now overpaying a bit and have 8.5 years left and can visibly see it reducing every time i log on to my online account.	i am wary about doing this as i am unable to find the letter that agreed to me letting out my flat.
the next problem is that this world police has issued arms ownership licenses so liberally that the world police does not control the world territory.	the problem is, that i don't really have a life plan but i am the sort of person who likes to have things fairly planned out.
they live in england and should speek english!	what does keeping england english even mean?
they screwed the pooch on this story.	so that is the end of that.
it was bloody hard work and working for free to gain experience is a good thing.	i'm not very dogmatic about too many things, but i firmly believe young teens having sex is not a good thing.
and of all that only the maintenance and perhaps the engineering is generally us provided.	i just wanted to say that in my experience the fear of the unknown is the worst thing.
lots of luck, she will get through this phase!	also, assuming the whole thing is a sham..
didn't figure in the interest that'll be due on it, did you?	i don't know of anywhere in the us where there's actual abject poverty.
i'd love to tear apart his lies, but i don't know how good i'd be on a radio show.	thanks for thinking of me, but i don't have the desire to appear on his show.
the crate i keep my puppy in is tiny...about	they didn't even have a train station...
but it said it was still investigating the cause and conducting a recovery operation at the site.	what i said was that he was working for someone else when his father died.
*drool* she may be a socialist, but at least she's a hot one!	edgar, you may be right - at least in part.
all those things you mention are the twisted twine ball of the government.	i most certainly did not treat the disaster as if it doesn't exist.
you speed walk in your sleep.	depending on you sex.
it's a tough call even for states, because of what i said in the first paragraph.	it's a tough call, but today's minimum is too low.
so if he were to leave his lesbian wife for a man he might lose his children.	if the people back home were clamoring to get me out of this pointless errands.
so i was living at a homeless tent city called camp take notice in ann arbor and i was living in a tent with the man i was in a relationship with.	so the night before thanksgiving she asked me if i was still making the pie and i told her yes, i was going to make it from scratch with suger pumpkins i grew in my garden.
wtf is that all about?	how old is that program?
by the way, the truth of the super committee negotiations is that the democrats didn't off one single plan.	i'd say the precedent was set when the democrats gave clinton a pass for lying under oath.
england remains a world power, the rest degenerating under the yoke of socialism.	and i would appreciate armed strangers not trying to manage my own personal safety.
if your problem is with the banks,then sue the banks and try to get some money out of them.	your claim that he has killed 3 times as many al qeada is completely false.
my sister is getting ready to go to uni and i really am starting to resent him for how my life is now.	my sister is two years younger than i am, and i remember the day she came home from the hospital.
i have no problem with that.	we are at war with al-qaida.
reality, of course, disagrees.	totally free of course.
in short, she doesn't have a clue what she's talking about.	once the disaster finally ends he may speak out.
plus, i'm kind of scared of him.	i did not feel ready to be home.
continue living off the backs of those who pay for their benefits without any obligation to offer anything in return?!	the site this was posted on had other problems with an account being frozen.
contrary to the persistent vomiting of 24hr news networks, the news doesn't really change as often as their advertisers would have you believe.	quote: the existence of 2 (presumably) youngish children would suggest that the marriage is not the cold and unrewarding one the husband would have you believe.
you cannot continue to 'be her friend' out of pity, and tbh you are not being true to yourself if you feel like this and then invite her places.	if it continues to be a problem i'd start showing your daily sheet to the director before you leave - let her see that mrs. i hasn't changed a diaper in 3 hours.
the fact that nixon and carter were uxorious did not make them good presidents.	that this message is deserved is not the point.
even in light of this recent information, repubs still say it was a waste.	sometimes i like to think that if the current generation had fought in that war, we would have lost.
spent many hours with her talking and listening, trying to make sense of her troubles and provide a shoulder to cry on.	put him in a room with any halfway intelligent free market economist and he turns into a blubbering moron.
to suggest that blacks are not poor due to external factors leaves black disproportionate poverty to be the result of internal factors, which could only mean that blacks are inferior.	to suggest that social and economic gaps are internal to blacks is to suggest that there is a genetic propensity that makes blacks inferior.
i would certainly label him a narcissist or a psychopath.	this would be an interesting story to keep up with.
for the most part, i think the market should be allowed to set it's own price, but would agree that there does have to be a minimum wage of some kind.	he's an adult. he should be courteous to your home and keep it clean, but outside of that he should be able to come and go as he pleases.
at least he didn't choose to carry a great big gun that killed his target, who was not committing any capital crime.	more often than not ows protestors are targeting their peers on the street rather than anyone who has committed any actual wrong doing.
he still has a job becuase the city was unaffected...but he lost his home.	this thing has gone just exactly as the democrats hoped.
this person is only going to get worse - not better.	there was nobody waiting for me to come home.
wow that vor person is a idiot!	would that be legal in this country?
oh spare us all this nonsense you keep pulling out of your ass.	just say you would like help in working out access for your son.
there are times, especially when we are pregnant, that we have to prioritize.	i believe the pals and israelis are fast getting to that point.
and tell them if they cannot wait how to protect themselves.	sue them and try to get some money out of them.
they are merely retaliating to whatever our politicians throw at them!	they are sitting on over a trillion dollars in cash.
is no consideration to be given to the crim?	why is no one sanctioning the us??
but they have new truck every year, a huge custom and all their kids dive nice cars and go to state collages.	but whatever happens, we need some national truth-telling, and we need to stop calling "them" the problem.
or maybe just a commutation of sentence like for scooter libby.	it may be a question of magnitude once again.
wanted to know if a bracelet i had listed at $14.50 was sterling silver.	and now it appears that there was a second one, that is now being uncovered.
police are convinced that there are people who know something, but no one has come forward with any information.	and if we continue to be a nation that allows sex with anyone, any time with anyone.
i'm sure that idea will win great support amongst the populous.	but i'm sorry to say i don't really take the ndp seriously.
it was my stepdad that had said "so and so died of a broken heart" and i would laugh.	hi, since bout a year after i started secondary school i've been getting this shoulder pain.
i clicked on everything and couldn't find a link.	timing is everything and this is not a good thing in the long run omho.
my bother, aunt, uncle and mysteriously this old women that was also involved in my court case.	not a single word said about the idiocy of someone that poor thinking about mating.
new zealand beer is also acceptable, as new zealand is pound for pound the greatest sporting nation on earth and it can only be due to the beer.	we know the date this happened, because we know when mom and sister came home from the hospital, so i was two years and two months old at the time.
some refused to go because they didn't want to be killed.	the rioters are pretty focused on the police and the president.
i agree with you about 'shouting about being different', what do you count as proclaiming difference?	i agree with you, quantum windbag, and so do most legal commentators i have read.
the international development secretary, hilary benn, the former health secretary alan milburn, and the leader of the commons, jack straw, are all at 25/1.	the foreign secretary, margaret beckett, is at 40/1, while the defence secretary, des browne, and the welsh and northern ireland secretary, peter hain are 50/1.
* stop giving money belonging to we the people, away to the corrupt politicians of foreign governments.	it sounds horrible but feeding these people is the worst thing you can do in the long run.
the way the system is designed, not much more than this is practically possible.	the father is not a public figure and is a private citizen.
i don't know what to make of the whole thing to be honest..	i can't see his death reducing the scale of the 'war on terror'..
but when it came to what i questioned?	to want to know he is safe ?
so i have been looking around for somewhere else.	(i have been in full time employment for 25 years).
don't you follow, and want our laws to follow all of leviticus?	she's on line here but hasn't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus, and whether or not she want's our nation's laws to follow all of leviticus.
in fact, watching fox will tell you the exact opposite of what you are claiming.	try dealing with the facts instead of your wishful thinking.
it is looking bad for ray right now.	meets dr. king; asks him for a job.
i never had any luck with the temp agencies, one time i got a voice mail from one of them saying they had a job for me.	if they have made peace with their pay, then there is no reason you should not be at peace with their pay as well.
always easy to blame others for your ineptitude.	they are with us for our lifetimes and beyond.
thus the need for health care insurance reform...the	is your health care rationed?
does this sound fair?would the kids be happier with two fathers who love them than a man and woman where only one parent really loves them?	i think it would have helped me draw a line between the traumatic events of her death and funeral and marked the start of my learning to deal with life without mum.
into actually rebuilding the country.	i dont have any dog in the fight.
crony capitalism has been on the fore front of political debate for at least a few years now.	it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.
and of course it not ever their fault, as it's now fox news, the righties, blaa blaa blaa.	now of course its everyones fault but their own.
now the space-shuttle program is going tits up thanks to him so we're pretty much out of the space business.	hope your little one is coping ok with the stress (although in this situation i bet the kids are much better than the parents).
false it is down 11%.	i would also not back down.
she is so sensitive that even if i don;t eat dinner she gets in a mood and takes it personally!	there's two entities that have zero interest in keeping obama in the white house.
we didn't really get anywhere so he dropped me home and told me to go and that it would be a 50 50 decision to split.	now - they are dangerous - cos they would move to another bottle, and it would all begin again.
i was in and out of the wards, civilian and va 2 or 3 times a year from 96 to 2000.	william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5/1 to 9/4.
after college i, like many others at the time, felt a compulsion to change what we saw as inequalities in the world and became a social worker.	i saw her all the time and we spoke about 6 times a day on the phone up until she was very ill in her last weeks and sleepy with morphine.
i asked if they had showed him the time as he needs visual prompts and she said 'i told him he had 10 minutes' i asked if she showed him 10 minutes and she said no.	he invited me in the past (while simultaneously saying i should be tried and executed), and i told him that i believe he is mentally ill and needs help, not attention.
usually, there is only 1 us at 20 weeks with my midwife unless there are other circumstances.	unfortunately they're going to end up at the same address six feet under - they be pals or israelis.
it's the biggest, hottest news story in media.	yes, the conventional media.
you can claim it's false all you want, but facts are facts.	you spew here what you claim to be facts.
most christians do not hate gay's, they hate the sin.	but as a christian, i believe what god's word tells me.
all politics aside, it was the most important issue on the ballot as far as i was concerned.	have a quiet registry marriage with just the important people there, followed by a party for everyone done cheaply.
you think this whole thread is conspiracy theory bs?	why do you think that commandment is there?
or like oil companies, who have a cartel.	true oil only comes from quart sized cans.
that is exactly what happened: no, it isn't, unless you believe that the instant vaporization of hundreds of thousands of people can be written off because of their nationality.	they report that there are no planes coming in or out, and that there are tens of thousands of people at the airport.
again, you daft cunt, i'm not rich and i get great health coverage.	i wouldnt be able to change to a buy to let mortgage.
i wrote in my journal that it felt like i had a leather mask on my head.	i wrote that it felt like someone smashed a champagne bottle on the back of my head like it was a departing ship.
"for over 20 years, i have illustrated the absurd with absurdity, three hours a day, five days a week.	for the first 1-2 years he hated me going out with my friends.
should we be talking to someone about this?	wtf are you talking about?
common sense tells us that bankers that have to sell their third vacation home are the one's with entitlement issues.	however my cash flow is better with them then without since the rental income more than covers the mortgages on them plus...
i don't actually give two figs what minimum wage does for or against the economy.	the idea of regular increments to minimum wage is a good one - for businesses to cope with them.
thank god for the 99%ers' they seem to understand the system is rigged.	then i found others that countered what she said.
so it is a big deal that they are coming.	so now it is a fight for freedom of choice.
the tea party didn't promote ending the intereference of religion in politics.	in this case it is the freedom of choice vs. the freedom of religion.
there, now, isn't that more literate than 'lying racist'...	therefore, it was christians that did it!"
you must have seen zona's post on the other thread.	you wouldn't have an original thought if it hit you in the face.
most christians do not hate gay's, they hate the sin.	but as a christian, i believe what god's word tells me.
i believe this man gets it.	if they dont want to.
he is an ex-ecb vice president.	this was an accident...
the detective in charge hasn't answered phone calls and his bag hasn't been returned to him, which contained business papers and clothes.	the deficit is a result of borrowing to save the collapse of the banking system, not because labour invested too much money into our services.
pakistani military, isi or the nwo order?	as we stand there is no will that we know of anywhere.
the lawmakers choice to bail out the banks is an entirely separate issue of accountability.	what the police have to find out now is if zimmerman instigated the confrontation.
bloodletting is not a valid medical treatment, either.	the father is not a public figure and is a private citizen.
i think the lakotas never expected to win in court..ray	i'm shocked he was even elected...
seems to me you would want them to make money in order to have money in order to clean up this mess..	also, penn state fans are being encouraged to wear white to the next game in order to protest the persecution of paterno and express their support.
i curse worse than a sailor so i felt it was best to think about those choice words for her.	oil is washing up north of miamui beach on the east side of florida.
who said zimmerman is a victim?	wow that vor person is a idiot!
the rich don't need cobra, they can buy their own individual policy at any price...so	the poor don't need cobra to continue being insured, they never were insured by their employers, they have medicaid.
this development is interesting because it raises a lot of fascinating questions about economic management.	and i don't even engage in the practice of being "vague" about the description of my inventory.
how will conservatives respond to the issues?	but conserv won't address these issues.
exactly how awesome are you, anyway?	just what are you reading?
do we want iran to become the next north korea?	all of that proves that zimmerman told the police the truth.
it's a human endeavor.	and that's a tall order.
ground/home deliver tues thru sat...	they didn't even have a train station...
a recent example is how a federal court rejected a lawsuit based on "national security."	upon his release he sued the us for the above crimes and the case was dismissed for "national security reasons."
my mum married the other man and stayed with him until he died.	my dad met a lovely woman and also remarried.
it make sense to at least release one proper picture of bin laden too to silence all the critics?	and our population hasn't increased by over a factor of 10 in the last two generations.
i agreed to marry him.	you will learn to make real chips.
its hard to understand why the brits would desire to be assimilated into the eu.	i think there are numerous instances where our justice system is simply too punitive.
people who design the robots.	perhaps we knew each other.
they leave that pathetic shite to cnn & nbc.	other than that, i'm afraid there's not much else you can do.
:/ after reading through the posts in this thread, isn't the main issue one where british nationals are being denied the right to come here.	leviticus 18:24, 30 reads, "defile not ye yourselves in any of these things: for in all these the nations are defiled which i cast out before you.
"all i want is a chevrolet."	denial is not just a river in egypt.
i wasnt trying to make him feel bad.	not sure if he truly meant it or was trying to make me feel better - but it did work.
you wouldn't have an original thought if it hit you in the face.	such people aren't capable of rational thought and only understand violence.
i have a brother and sister that do not speak to me and they think this was a brilliant way to get back at me (believe it or not!!).	i am sure the counsellors there have seen so many manipulators and the fallout that they may be able to suggest strategies to cope.
the politics of congress).	that is how it works.
who said anything about the csi program, genius.	i have family waiting in the cairo airport right now.
why do you think that commandment is there?	why do wingnuts hate intelligence?
i think this is a political not current event thread.	i wouldn't say it's racist, just insular great thread.
president bush became the first president to spend 3 percent of gdp on federal antipoverty programs.	some members of the president's staff were indited and sent to prison for perjury and other offenses.
it seems like every time something goes on between my husband and i that his friends have to get involved or make rude comments.	it seems like the best option would have been something like "hey, i think this violin is fake and paypal is saying i have to destroy it to get my money back.
it may destabilize the gulf for a while, but in the long run it will prove to be fruitful.	if the government provides health care, whether spelled out in this bill or not, it will ration the care.
our justice system is rotten to the core, so what are we going to do about it?	do you think she just told you not to bother because you just had a baby not to long ago?
if you want to learn absolutely nothing, whilst watching the poor old teacher trying to play a role that largely consists of being a jail warden, then go to a comprehensive.	if you want to change society's morals you appeal to the hearts and minds of the people that are willing to listen and if they embrace it what you find to be immoral will eventually die out on it's own.
i don't need you to state whether you've excused it or not, by your actions its clear that you have.	i don't mean to be dense, but why do you have to find out what his long term intentions are?
they are the voice and interpreters of this tort and did their duty.	there are a few other early memories, but i can't date them.
only caught this thread tonight, but yay for you and the date!	both daughtes had to go to cafcass for inteviews.
does it automatically get split between me and my sisters or do we have to try and track down this other will?	i have 3 kids between 7 and 2, my sister has a daughter aged 10 months.
she actually asked me if i had a can of pumpkin for back up.	she acts like she had no idea who she was praising.
this has been so usual for us that i can bring her home and not change her again til 6:30 or 7 and her diaper is still peed in but not full at all.	whenever we pick her up from all but one of the teachers, her sheet says she was changed at 4:30ish and when i change her again at 6:30 or 7 her diaper is fine.
(this is in primary by the way).	i didnt do as well at stanford, by the way.
in your own mind, maybe, outside of it, the word may take on a different meaning.	my brother is an alcoholic, with 2 daughters from 2 different marriages.
in actual practise, the clinics tend to keep the embryos on ice because they fear law suits.	in their view, there is a difference between an embryo and a brain dead person.
i told him not to come back, but i know yet again i will take him back.	she told me of her son, then in vietnam, and her wish to bring him home.
conventional weapons may not even be able to hit some of the fortified facilities either.	obviously you're totally ignorant as to the make up of the people participating in the protests.
no one appears to have posted about this yet.	i just read about this story.
in any case, the basis of the thread is still shot to hell.	he was the first speaker of the house in history to be fined.
no atomic bombs, no surrender.	the atomic bombs were not ready until summer 1945.
it does exist, and it's a fucking crime.	i cant stand to smell of cooking food.
newt's relations with women are at best reprehensible.	it's just who we are as a society.
it simply covers the things we have been talking about.	quite simply because they're pissing on the graves of those who died.
this is england, we are a 3rd world dumping ground for some reason..	so i have been looking around for somewhere else.
i know when the only solution is to spend trillions for minimal, unproven benefit, i know the liar is a leftist.	however, i might try to find someone with the means and skills to investigate the position because i do think it has merit.
so if the jury was in fact instructed incorrectly, chances are they will not come to the correct conclusion.	the jury is to be instructed as to the law to be applied to the facts they determine, not the other way around.
the problem i have here is that the wbc's site isn't a memorial site for matthew snyder, it is their own property to disseminate their point of view.	however, there is no drama that he was involved with anna chapman or any other honey pot involved with russian or us mafias.
the former home secretary charles clarke is the outsider at 66/1.	the nurse needs a scientific calculator to take your pulse.
but our parents said "oh no, it was an accident".	it was our day, how we wanted and it was wonderful.
michigan is also considered mitt's home state.	main issue i see is identity.
the world police can send troops to surround the criminals, but there are no easy and clean options to go in without either of the armed forces massacring a lot of the hostages too.	he does have lots of really interesting ideas about the economy and the us's relations with the rest of the world that are worth listening to.
there are no groups of right wingers dancing in the streets waving signs that say "death to liberals!"	they said there was fighting amongst kids in the street and this seemed to be normal and tolerated.
president bush presided over a $2.5 trillion increase in the public debt through 2008.	president obama has proposed a $634 billion down payment on a new govern*ment health care fund.
i along with other christians will bow to allah (who is the same god i worship anyway) and watch the fireworks.	it's their choice as to what services they will provide and what they won't.
the constant stream of pinocchios he has gotten from the washington post, on easily checked facts, demonstrates this.	the first baptist church in his hometown had to take up a collection to support the family gingrich had deserted.
i want to thank all of you who participated and also craven for giving us the opportunity.	i don't actually give two figs what minimum wage does for or against the economy.
wait, see and hoard cash.	hold, straighten and push forward again.
you sit in front of one of mankind's greatest inventions.	he's going the full marxist route of attacking creative destruction.
the kid is a monster with no respect for human life.	all the while i was bummed i didn't get to make anything else.
the international alliance did not release further details.	she then said she could not give me their number.
ann coulter didn't laugh.	and it didnt bother me.
in their view, there is a difference between an embryo and a brain dead person.	i don't believe most progressives even understand the difference between the state and federal government.
yes, there are many variables that affect prices, and trying to explain it through one company is not realistic.	also, there are hints that these concerns are from scientists who only want to fund their own pet projects.
do not pay attention to the evidence!	so you may want to consider my advice.
that was also about a blow job, of course.	he was caught lying to congress.
and all to few understand, therefore nothing will be done to avoid the slide.	and tell them if they cannot wait how to protect themselves.
and besides they do update their platform.	i will do so with my daughter this year...
so nursing care isn't wonderful.	it was our day, how we wanted and it was wonderful.
hardly fills me with confidence that they should be allowed to have nuclear weapons.	he also advised that as there had been evidence they should have logged it as a crime.
perhaps its time for budget and personel cuts in the justice dept if all you have to do is bust for weed.	it wasn't fun really, but if you need to be induced then you have to do what you need to do.
we called the campgrounds and the owners said they had cleaned our campsite and did not find anything.	he and the democrats got damn near everything they wanted and they still reneged on it before the ink was dry.
bullies "attempted" to beat me up while the other kids looked on and helped the bullies.	people are facing choices about whether to ruin their lives - or potentially lose their lives.
or does anyone know any way i could help it?	has anyone heard about this?
laws should be for everyone.	we could go tit for tat over and over.
since being made redundant i have worked really hard at both getting the house together and finding another job.	one thing they found particularly hard to deal with was other young men attaching themselves to their group and being undislodgeable (a nwe word and it's only 9 am!).
as for his pension, would that not have been sorted when he divorced your mum?	as for the forensics, do you think the world works like csi?
the left is fighting for freedom of choice.	there is strong demand for us education.
the president's biological father was kenyan, and obama barely knew him.	the justice system is a farce and we all know it.
china has been very successful economically, and plans to continue.	it was all very sophomoric and all quite futile.
we have shed thousands of lives in iraq and afghanistan and what have we accomplished?	he has texted the house phone last night and all the kids.
anyone that has a nickel in their pocket has a part in controlling commerce.	ows has already launched the class war into the consciousness of millions of americans.
practically, nobody cared.	i fully and totally agree.
it appears that, though you claim to value education - we must have very different understandings of what the word 'education' means also.	the arab league did not understand that a no fly zone can have different meanings if worded appropriately.
i just wondered if anyone else had been in the same situation and could offer me some advice so i can move forward from this.	i have suffered from anxiety and depression in the past and she was the one person who could calm me down and make everything alright.
in america we have a thing called due process.	do you know the great thing about numbers.
i already showed you that there has been no decrease in outgoing lw radiation since 1970 according to the satellite record in spite of a marked increase in atmospheric co2.	i agree that there has to be a reasonable amount of secrecy in a case like this.
they are a pissed off and unaffiliated new breed of political monster that no one knows what to make of yet.	as to the rest of that lunatic ranting and political positioning on whitehouse.gov,
got in and out with relative ease the last time i went.	he got bin laden from a place that bush didn't dare to go into.
this won't be the last rise in tuition fees.	that was the ultimate insult to him.
what are scientists who are educated in how to treat and prevent the problem going to do?	but there is nothing that you are willing to do that will rectify the problem.
i think there is a broader view of holding people accountable that your conveniently ignore with your argument.	i think there are a number of high-profile crimes where criminals are held long long after the point where they are a danger to anyone.
three of the seals being rescued were also killed and the fourth wounded.	even our r&d is being jobbed-out to faraway india and other parts of the world.
it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay.	just how good a basis is revenge for sentencing?
as unions usually do, they chose keeping their benefits at the level they are, over keeping cops on the job, and the lay offs happened.	unions are for those that have no other skill other than a 5th grade educated worker has with a hammer in their hand.
i really dont know what to do...	i don't really know what is up but i'm super mad about it.
it's kind of scary but the thing is he wants to be caught, he's just making people work to catch him.	it is a national campaign that wants people to stop snitchin' on people who commit crimes.
are they not a media company interesting in keeping the populate updated on the latest and greatest and hottest news?	actually, the whole "contraception" drum is being pounded by the liberals in an attempt at gotcha politics.
the bush administration put them back in.	they didn't get it, but they asked for it.
i chose to allow him to do so.	i heard about this two weeks ago.
i wonder whether khadaffi's move heralds a new direction in the realtionship between the west and the formerly anti-us arab nations.	he does have lots of really interesting ideas about the economy and the us's relations with the rest of the world that are worth listening to.
the conversation turned to politics, which led eventually to a rather silly looking woman (rslw) saying that she hated the bnp.	the verses above from leviticus are in a section of the bible that lists immoral acts and the penalties for them.
wher the women even those pregnant were not allowed any breaks except a 30 minute lunch perid.	we then gave our insurance company the crime ref number and the receipts of the items stolen.
it was so secret that james bamford was able to write a book about in 1982, the puzzle palace.	it was my stepdad that had said "so and so died of a broken heart" and i would laugh.
oh my god, you really are a racist aren't you?	why do you hate america so much?
until two days ago, i didn't know they actually made guns for kids (and i'm not talking about toy guns).	source thomas do you have data on how the insurance industry is preparing for or speaking about gw?
i do appreciate the fact this shooter was not charged or detained, since he was acting within his understanding of the laws we have now.	i lost my mum and i felt the same way, for quite a long time, so i think i understand how it is for you.
even though i do work, but he is the one that pays the majority of our bills.	i think they could at least specify the varity of apple used.
i will say that i have never found an article on the milwaukee voucher program that proves it's working.	they are literally saying that going above one's superiors is worse than going to the police once one's superiors take action.
the high court declared the case against the machines moot since the justice department has now cleared the machines, and ordered another part back to court to decide a fight over attorney fees.	both sides could have used better attorneys on this, the arguments dance around the real issues and ignore the facts - on both sides.
problem i see is not the color of people that live in here and not from where they come.	problem is clinton did something no other president did, he violated the oval office by having sex thaere and then lying about it.
that's why i no longer laugh at them.	it's not like he needs the money.
we created 11 million jobs.	they saved millions of lives.
i still like you, but i am beginning to wonder why.	we still have not got a decision from them.
the vote for gay marriage is about to happen in maine.	people still care about what happened, i do.
sorry to rant about gypsies so much, but there is so few that listen, i take my chances whenever i can.	i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,
this september i left home, and started at university.	they had to be air lifted in somewhere around the first of june.
i am also reading about that recently (e.g.	if not, stop talking about due process.
they never get presidential attendence do they?	but the police have to do something, don't they?
this contraception thing is nothing but a new shiny object to distract the easily distracted and unfocused republicans.	the first baptist church in his hometown had to take up a collection to support the family gingrich had deserted.
actually, it's people who build the robots since not enough are being made to create an assembly line.	of course, people who work with sick animals know that when the mean ones stop being mean, death is peeking around the corner.
police say that's a standard practice whenever a taser is used.	sounds like we are falling foul of the eu standard practice in the way we treat our nationals.
totally free of course.	obama agreed and compromised.
but at least i'll have peace of mind that he's ok.	thanks i think it can be very easy to focus on what he doesn't do.
i know they are not saving and i just cant understand!	things are so big and strange.
lefties are either constantly outraged or the poor victum.	chances are it will move more to the middle over time.
seems there isn't a whole lot of disagreement with this decision after all.	i am told that when lenders agree to this, its on a short term basis.
something needs to change before we aren't a so called democracy anymore.	nope, as i have said before we haven't been up to much of that.
sorry to moan but i really feel down now and dont know what to do or say.	you just completed another sweater and you don't know how to knit.
and since they are not taxing my parents, and this is new money to me, then it has the right to be taxed.	and he got a whole lot of millage out of sexual harrassment bs at the time of the thomas hearings.
we should start a sequence of these threads ;-).	we should have monuments for him.
it exists on the other end of the spectrum.	what is even more bothersome to me personally...
if she cant communicate then her familywould be free to do what they wanted with her without getting found out.	he told the the administration what they wanted to hear.
you can take a picture of yourself from ten feet away without using the timer.	but the fact is, you idiots fired her before anyone knew about the story.
but man are a lot of middle class and even poor americans brainwashed.	there's also a side issue of amicus waivers.
i don't spend my days surfing for news bytes to find something to bitch about.	i don't mean for president; i mean out of the country.
care i think sinatra unsubscribed from his own thread.	i have seen the streams run as black slurries from strip mining.
for example, it's okay for you to impose your value, because you are special?	you're better off without him in your life, and you'll have a life.
and when that happens, it hurts the feelings of our troops.	and what happened to that lie you were going to cite in cristol's book?
i lost my mum and i felt the same way, for quite a long time, so i think i understand how it is for you.	was worth just over £10k at the time with only 7,000 miles on the clock i think and i got it for £6,200.
mike mcqueary is an interesting case in that he was practically raised to be a part of the penn state family.	i mean not even everyone in hk is a british national - only a proportion of the population are.
tens of thousands of americans!	and this was of particular interest.
they offered up private solutions, good ones, ones that don't increase taxes on anyone.	neither government nor people should impose their values on anyone.
i think it's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this.	i think this is what the original starter of the thread (joshw) is driving at.
aig gets bailed out, then gives multi-million dollar bonuses in the very same year.	here is a partial list: - the stimulus has created millions of jobs in the private sector.
in russia, 56% positively evaluate the work of obama.	i am positively surprised about this choice.
this, had we be wiling to talk about it seriously at the time, would have been legitimate cause for concern.	had that been on the 5.30pm from victoria it would have been a goner.
they might be hiding him or something, in which case what is the problem?	i said i complain the 3 or so times a month i ring with the same problem.
at least that is my hope.	@edgarblythe, that is very sad.
why didn't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled?	but they never mentioned the doubling of the national debt under the bush admin.
it's one thing if you are just lazy and forget, but its another thing to lie about diaper changes all together.	i am wrong about the unemployment rate, but every other point i made about obama is true.
none of them conformed to the conditions set out and agreed to by the allies.	so we now heve to wait for a decision to be handed down from the mountaintop.
i try not to assume i fully understand those i encounter, but i do react to things i see and i do have opinions.	i assume that if pronation is "normal" the shoes may be just fine; if not, yes, i might see an orthopedist for an opinion.
nothing i could do will change the face of the past.	you could kill an entire police force.
come out of your plane and hump in my boots!	you lie through your teeth and still get votes.
"childhood," as just an aspect of being human, is a rather recent concept.	this isn't just an american problem, this is the worlds problem.
a veritable achievement indeed.	charge him board and let him be independant.
folks will be lined up outside the polling places, just waiting to color in the dot next to any democrat that goes up against these baboons!	walking the gauntlet up the steps of the police station in cambridge was a piece of cake compared to the beating we took in the back room.
i know i'm just a mere human, i have no right to question a corporation.	what many fail to realize is that exiling arafat might not be an option.
some of the autobiographies are good though, i've got major's, thatchers, hestletine's, lawson's and howe's.	show me where the health insurance companies are coming together to protest the contraception mandate.
i know i'm just a mere human, i have no right to question a corporation.	what many fail to realize is that exiling arafat might not be an option.
the fact that you indicated they are not open monday tells me this is a ground/home delivery shipment - express delivers seven days a week, altho there are surcharges for weekend deliveries.	they cheat in elections, they lie about nearly everything and hate everyone who varies even a little bit from what they already have cemented in their brain cases.
so, i answered her question patiently and honestly.	in no way was he better on the question of the war than johnson.
something d-man doesn't want to touch on.	someone needs to go to jail for that one.
however, they did strive to make everyone equal under the law.	however, they were held accountable for it all the same.
the millionaires got one.	to them it was good enough.
the solution will not or should not be requesting a schedule change for ms.i.	the net result would be devastating to the poorest of the poor.
the majority of this nation believes in god and believes that he will turn on us.	as to the rest of that lunatic ranting and political positioning on whitehouse.gov,
hopefully you have been declaring this income to the taxman?	why do you hate people that work in their own home?
what kind of history do the us have then?	what did you edit out?
in fact, watching fox will tell you the exact opposite of what you are claiming.	try dealing with the facts instead of your wishful thinking.
girls who play bisexual for male attention are just infuriating though, and absolutely demean the efforts and image of lgbt people.	such people aren't capable of rational thought and only understand violence.
this has been talked about for some time though.	the cat has your collective tongues.
it's the biggest, hottest news story in media.	this is why the right is destined to lose its ass.
i never got a birthday or xmas card, let alone anything else.	you know what teenagers are like, they pick up on anything.
removing the staples was horrible and weird.	reality is, i was there before and returned again.
she has said that the club has helped her with the grieving as she has so many friends there.	it was the same offer we accepted after we targeted civilians with the a-bombs and dropped them.
utter fucking nonsense.	that doesn't make any sense.
you are so good for not letting rip at her in front of her friends.	i'm all good now i got a full time job with the feds.
some of the autobiographies are good though, i've got major's, thatchers, hestletine's, lawson's and howe's.	show me where the health insurance companies are coming together to protest the contraception mandate.
how long ago was this?	so what do you think?
the truth is the current socio-economic system is out of date.	that is a human-driven consequence; it is not because of the ideology.
he does not have the balls to put his own numbers on the table, and suggest how they pay for it.	i had moved to new york to be close to the power center of the country for my anti war activity.
i would look up the yellow pages for advice places and give them a phone.	well them you, squire, have never heard of one.
hiya all -long posting alert!!!!	why all the lying about this on your part?
while i'm sure mr schlesinger enjoyed taking a swipe at the departed mr bush, he adds nothing to the debate.	the story that a soldier related to larry king about how he died is now known to be a false.
so say those that ruined it.	you say, "good to the last drop."
best wishes, yes he had an affair.	reality is, i was there before and returned again.
i suppose this type of callousness towards the slaughter of civilians should be expected from an avowed zionist.	i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird.
it is possible that powell sold his soul to the devil like the rest of them.	i would hope that all of us learned something from them.
don't even want to imagine pitocin-induced contrax.	i can't even put it into words.
i had to pay for curtains because our flat is old, on a corner and freezing.	i had a dream i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.
did the report actually reflect what they wanted?	all done in the arrogant self belief that they know best."
it should be evey man for himself.	i could be imagining that, however.
did you ever think about wearing a little slip in bed?	with everything going on in the world.
i'm not rich and they saved me $2400 last year.	and the assad regime is alawite.
woman at the nursery also said that they're appalling in answering calls, i was on for over half an hour waiting for an answer in the morning.	in the past he has said that the party that wins should have first right to try to form a government.
yes, yes you have buried your head in the sand, sail away.	yes, ships have been in the gulf before and during the crisis.
the appellate court ordered the case back to juvenile court.	into the apple store on the way back and pick up an ipad (for a gift).
mass media are a good mirror to show how much a life is worth or worthless for them in different parts of the world.	we are the home of tesla motors that only the "sean penns" of the world can afford.
i suppose it's against the rules for democrats to question these things...i	we were supposed to stop qaddafi them using his aircraft to drop bombs in cities occupied by the rebels.
2. speak to a solicitor.	i used to love climbing trees...
how is that possible?	why does it matter that he's black?
i'll stick my neck out here but my 11 yo often stays at home on her own for short periods of time (about an hour or so) is this an option for part of the time?	she's on line here but hasn't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus, and whether or not she want's our nation's laws to follow all of leviticus.
so i offered to make whatever she didn't want to, and at first she didn't want me to have to make anything.	so we now heve to wait for a decision to be handed down from the mountaintop.
they gave up the comforts of home and being surrounded by friends and family let alone there status as wanted criminals.	the moral of this story, is that much like lending money to friends, never let paypal deal with more of your money than you are willing to lose.
clearly those who travel on buses have a greater level of decency.	edgarblythe i loved that story on abuzz and love it here.
skip, that's also very true.	here's a list of articles for you to peruse.
my experience with black people (or negroes as we said then) started as a boy in detroit.	democrats are terrified that black people might start to notice.
there does not exist such a thing as chinas attempt to attack india or suppress indias development.	india has expressed interest in in the t-50 and has made overtures to sukhoi to invest in it's development.
i dont understand where my parents money goes!	i wouldn't budget anywhere near 3-4k on it though!
it also proves that i'm dead on about breitbart being a lying hack...	i am also reading about that recently (e.g.
there are some things you don't need to be told since they are so bleeding obvious?	the rioters are pretty focused on the police and the president.
i was extremely green and not at all effective for the most part.	this seems to be an election without a result.
rex, i am a conservative,and you are an idiot.	i really want this sorted and not sure what else i can do.
he just doesnt get it.	he still hasn't to this day.
the federal government's own unemployment figures and the current condition of the housing and other consumer markets belie any published numbers handed out by the left, the white house or cbo.	blasted bp and the federal government for a lack of effort and coordination in their dual oil-spill response and made a plea to the government to allow the a whale to join the cleanup operation.
noddy, you always say the very thing that evokes strong reactions in me.	in no way was he better on the question of the war than johnson.
correlation is not causation.	no, it's not just you.
do you have his mum's backing on what you're doing?	do you even pay attention to current events?
mention cannabis and they roll their fucking eyes.	corruption is the rule, not the exception.
let's hope the frogs do the right thing.	she acts like she had no idea who she was praising.
abhisit is adamant the government will not crack down, but security forces will take action if the protests turn violent.	this assumes that the government is telling us the whole story, which, of course, they are not.
greatly lower your expectations, etc. and just enjoy the visit with the woman that revels in your supposed fat-ness.	you're so wired, you pick up am radio and people test their batteries in your ears.
since we have started doing it he has come home with a certificate from school each week saying he has got all his spellings right.	i never had any luck with the temp agencies, one time i got a voice mail from one of them saying they had a job for me.
your nervous twitch registers on the richter scale.	you moved the goal posts from fed to local.
in the 60-70s timeframe it was resurrected in a different way to describe strong force interactions.	>>>> well that is a different argument in a different place but "fair is fair".
the wbc people were never suspected to be all that bright though.	they were never addressed with a letter.
then i have had instances where 2 people have not received their items but that is because they had p.o.	one other thing, the reason why most like me think private enterprise is the only way to go now is because our govt.
in addition to this they belong to the shiite sect of islam which automatically links them to iran.	in addition to these three, roosevelt appointed 19 judges to the united states courts of appeals, and 53 judges to the united states district courts.
if you doubt it, just look at the ideologues they put on the thing.	grief he's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row.
there is so much wrong and you don't seem to understand what's wrong.	do you even understand what wry was conveying?
so i was just wondering why the media is so stupid?	are you just ignoring the cnn link i posted?
this country has lost sight of itself.	that's morally right is it?!
christy is a fat sack of shit.	my heart goes out to all of them.
he creates k'nex models out of his head (not what's on the box) that can move and wind things up.	its great news but it has nothing to do with obama being a great commander in chief.
its like that whole little legal business didnt even exist.	so the big fish stays big and little guppies cant have shit.
but it's also possible that something more mysterious is going on.	that's about the limit of my understanding of this crazy, glowing box.)
it helps that the media hasn't given him the same anal-probing the gop field has gotten.	the problem is that this man was violent and abused me beating me and generally hurting me.
i saw this as just another fox flunkie pushing the "class warfare" line that's heard from the neocon/teabagger pundits in the media.	or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon/teabagger cousin's stupidity?
debt slavery here's a hint.	it has helped my shoulder a lot.
also, assuming the whole thing is a sham..	do you know the great thing about numbers.
therefore it's a false graph.	there was no surplus.
when i asked him why he likes the violin he said it's because he likes classical music.	then i have had instances where 2 people have not received their items but that is because they had p.o.
not really, most of the lost sdp votes went to the greens.	there seems no hope in these areas.
and i do believe we have that power to make it happen, or to extend ourselves longer if we want.	i do not believe that blacks have a genetic propensity to be inferior to whites.
they can do both ;-)!	he can run with palin.
that would be like a devout muslim opening a liquor store but refusing to sell booze.	the net result would be devastating to the poorest of the poor.
people who are the technicians to maintain the robots.	the police are trying to fiddle the figures.
every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.	my sister is two years younger than i am, and i remember the day she came home from the hospital.
that is the entire case.	he left his job in disgrace.
there are usually women's groups at the different churches, and often volunteers will come to provide transport.	if someone visited the us and went to la they might have a different perception of the us than someone who visited and went to new orleans.
bridey-there is a mm poster who left the law and went to education policy.	grief he's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row.
the nature was so amazing...	ah, so many amazing memories...
yes i have seen that documentary - very good.	and yes, we stayed within that traditional 15-20 percent range.
wtites, that's what i wanted to say.	that's why i'm talking about this.
your first-aid kit contains two pints of coffee with an i.v.	fdny is city government and they were on site since the planes hit.
networks without assistance.	nor will they be the last.
@edgarblythe, that is very sad.	he was very polite and very kind.
it's really good, and quite innovative in places.	they controlled spain for quite awhile back then.
rest inured, i will not persecute them to the full extent of the law.	birkies have your heel lower than the ball of the foot.
the taster's choice couple wants to adopt you.	things that you wanted to do but didn't.
robert reich in the last three decades or so, income inequality has been growing.	didnt need it in the past and it does not need it now.
people who design the parts the robots make.	the net result would be devastating to the poorest of the poor.
anyway, i brought this up to the manager and she talked to mrs. i. this was about 1 month ago.	then i would ask the manager to request that mrs. i checks her diaper again closer to the end of the day.
and these feelings are beating away at me.	what happened to america being a nation of laws and not men?
this 2011 article from the journal sentinel cites data finding that students who participate in the voucher program did not perform better than their public school peers.	so at least based on the available data, it appears that voucher programs are neither improving the performance of program participants nor improving the quality of the public school systems.
and the crowd would not be knowing that she would be adding more at the end, was sure applauding her story of what she did...	i finished the cereal but not the milk so she poured it into a red plastic cup and gave it to me to drink.
i'm saying we use technology to its fullest potential and alleviate humans of physical labor.	i wrote in my journal that it felt like i had a leather mask on my head.
they paid him over $30 million.	the gop is fighting for freedom of religion.
you seriously think the left doesn't have equally distasteful bumper stickers?	they seriously think they can threaten us?
first time i got arrested i didn't get my mcchicken or 3 quarters back.	this is an area not tested in the courts.
i just don't feel comfortable with expanding iied that far, wbc assholes or no.	i just don't know where the school should be on this, this is not the sort of situation that can be googled for answers.
stripped of everything that would help the economy.	i have something to say to these heteros.
killed by violent partners who had pursued and threatened them for years - who had made numerous threats to kill them.	it was what he did after he inherited them that make him a self made man, not the fact that he inherited them.
or in a wheelchair forever.	so i paid them off for her.
whenever he acted out with someone new i would say, congratulations, he trusts you.	i've been here before, with someone much older, and it won't get any better.
she tried to push me to commit to going to the smithsonian to try for a job - why, i was not sure.	she stated that they could not take complaint over the phone but they had to be in writing or by email.
most americans are just to dumb to realize that their way of life is going to be changing for the worse and we are barely seeing the results of their apathy.	there was a lot of valuables in the safe as we had been saving in cash for the holiday and then returned what we hadn't spent to the safe.
they all have their issues.	it is all about the entitlements.
it doesnt allow us to forecast properly..	i just don't know what to do for the best!
nor have i seen any proof that those who are associated with the so-called ground zero mosque were in anyway associated with the murderers of 9/11.	i do not recall anyone suggesting that those behind the ground zero mosque were to be held accountable for 9/11.
most christians do not hate gay's, they hate the sin.	but as a christian, i believe what god's word tells me.
was it as gruelling for them as i'm imagining?	as to what happened to their missing kid.
i think it may be called the family.	i think you're missing the entire point.
i've called ebay, they promise to do something, nothing is done, she is still burning sellers.	so sad too how the prospect of a few material things when someone is ill can turn some people into total vulchers.
looks like the guy that would deliver your mail, mow your lawn for you if you were sick...very	come to think of it, that would include you, which might explain why you don't see it.
didnt want to read and run..	the dont identify me as a real preson,..
and stop worrying about it...	i hope it works out in the end...
but that info is from 2007, best i can tell.	but what is this anger going to get you.
but i would really recommend that you get an appointment with your uni counselling services.	it could be argued that a better word is collectivist...i
it is not reasonable to host an event called the world series for a game which is not played outside of america.	not the people that want them to pay their share of the tax burden which they very much are responsible for.
most people would go to school and indugle in the arts and music.	it brought them to china and india and even mexico.
| decisions based on evidence ...the	what medications was he on?...
i think you've come down with ctd, conspiracy theory disease.	i think you need to look at the valuation of your home year over year.
as the only white in the hall, i understood why the question was being asked.	of course, it wasn't until years later, thinking back to that time that i understood what it was all about.
ya think he wanted to hire new people?	you really think he pioneered this kind of politics?
mr. chalabi sit directly behind mrs bush during the last state of the union address.	cafcass is impartial, and work for the childs interests, not those of the parents.
and then people could come in and say, look, i have got so many hours and afternoons, what do you have for me?	the people of libya and egypt rose up against the corruption and won, we could have a shot, couldn't we?
now of course its everyones fault but their own.	can anyone offer any words of wisdom/advice/experience of their own?
that would explain all your common sense postings,lol.	i think that would be a worse punishment than jail.
mi-6 stood by that statement.	let's start with a statment of affairs.
i would not even raise my voice to her or her boyfriend.	i would suggest that a few more than "nobody" cared.
(funny - we all looked forward to the occasional divert to da nang with its hooches and booze.)	none of them conformed to the conditions set out and agreed to by the allies.
i went to see another male friend last night who i know has a thing for me, and he started hitting on me and i let him have sex with me, until i realised i couldn't do it and stopped and made him take me home.	but for some reason this morning when i was asking if he had fun, and what they did etc. i asked if it was an all nude or just a topless and i should not have asked that. he told me all nude and i just broke down crying.
there's no such thing as arguing for peace rather than a the continuation of a morbid death cult.	these sanctions in place will not harm the iranians intention to build nuclear weapons..
less cops - more murder and rapes.	ask for the crime number and see.
know we would love our own house but i can't save anything until the end of my dmp.	yet he doesn't seem to have anything better to offer.
in this case i think that is beyond ceasar's bounds.	no it's just that people like you can't be honest.
nothing that i have read in this interaction leads me to believe anyone is exaggerating except maybe you.	you might also try posting on the benefits board here to see if anyone can suggest any routes for you.
he's recently changed policy to go after the iranian agents that are supplying the militias.	i was recently thinking i should know more about the sudan, as well as syria.
i have had two periods of counselling in my life, over roughly 15 months from december 2009 until around march this year.	i haven't had airconditioning my whole life until a couple of months ago, and now i have a "swamp cooler".
really stinks at it was just our anniversary right before.	i have family waiting in the cairo airport right now.
as a general question, i would like to ask others to see what you think?	again i would like to know where you are getting this bullcrap from, rat.
you've worn out your third pair of tennis shoes this week.	you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.
are you going for effort or result?	what is going on there?
last night, defence confirmed it was aware of the report and was seeking more information.	because it isn't about "life", it's about punishing the harlots and making women incubators.
the fact is, the tax cut/rebate he gave both times put money into mostly the lower to middle class folks.	the fact is we were burgled and these items were stolen.
how does that change the fact i'm breathing oil fumes right now?	i am just a big ball of hormones right now.
but what is this anger going to get you.	that's why i can no longer support them.
unfortunately they're going to end up at the same address six feet under - they be pals or israelis.	as you know, recently my mother died, and she named me and my sister as the executors of her will.
waiting in an outer hall, i stood to the side as my boss conversed with someone.	as the only white in the hall, i understood why the question was being asked.
it was many other portions of your thesis that were in question.	i say the time to tackle the iran issue is now.
why does it matter that he's black?	so does the us a lot more too, whats the difference??
also, finding out what it was all about the hard way.	all thsoe things are fine and dandy, but not what the thread is about.
we should abolish medicare and the va.	they should just amend the house rules...stop
i'll pay back the loans for the education i received, i have no issues with that.	really has nothing to do with what i said, but let's look at that.
who in the media's been going "half-cocked" and how did they do it?	why has no one come forward to admit the truth?
you say youre living at home with your parents.	you just have to think what you want, it may seem tough on others.
i don't really know what is up but i'm super mad about it.	i'll check them out while i'm out and about tomorrow.
so the big fish stays big and little guppies cant have shit.	i saw the bits of cereal floating around in the milk and threw the glass across the kitchen.
i felt so terrible that i went insane on my thighs and cut them to bits because i can't bear for anyone else to see them ever again.	i agree with the others, it is better to say everything, and let them edit it themselves, they will pick the relevant information out, that is their job.
it is all about demanding those taxpayer freebies.	it is still happening: it will not stop happening for 100 years.
thai thaksin supporters plan largest rally since april riots june 27 (bloomberg) -- thai anti-government protesters who support former prime minister thaksin shinawatra plan to meet in bangkok today in what organizers say will be the largest rally since the army quelled riots by the group in april.	thaksin "red shirts" gather again in bangkok bangkok, april 25 (reuters) - about 3,000 supporters of exiled former prime minister thaksin shinawatra gathered in bangkok on saturday for their first rally in the capital since violent street clashes two weeks ago.
when you open your dish cabinet, and there is only mugs.	you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.
why hasn't the us government done that (if the affair is fake, taht is..)	i think it's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this.
the word threat or threaten was never once spoken by obama.	they found the bomb before they found the woman.
you think a trillion dollars is puny?	don't you think we deserve to know more about this man?
as a weak country with no big weapons to defend its people..	the whole country is a toxic cesspool of pollution.
if the idea of 9/11 complicity is ever to be taken seriously by the masses, people must stop buying into obvious hoaxes and disinformation and focus solely on the true facts.	one of the voices of protest i fondly listened to belonged to ed sanders - yeah, the gross poet wanna be who sang dirty songs as the leader of the fugs.
it wasn't always easy but it has enriched my son's life no end.	it was all the more startling because it was not perceived by people who'd always lived here.
the separation of the roles of priest and healer of the body started in recent times and in relatively small geocultural areas.	the leaders of the world need to get together and begin constructing a massive plan to stop global warming.
they have not implemented the social stories as advised by the speech therapist so this could have helped him understand.	i have not read what she said beyond this site nor do i care what she said.
rupert murdoch inherited his father's ownership of two newspapers in the u.k. (australia).	murdoch inherited two fairly successful newspapers and turned them into a global media empire.
moveon, dailykos, msnbc & the dems have a lot more, thanks to a friendly hungarian.	a man, walking his dog, tells the driver that was pulled over, that he saw him stop at the sign.
edgar, you may be right - at least in part.	the problem is, you are going after people just like you.
they havent raised any moral issues or issues of any kind with having to provide contraception at no additional cost.	i have tried to give a full picture of what happened during this time including conversations i had and telephone conversations.
about the unemployment bill?	could the protests turn violent?
i had planned none of this, so i had little to share.	japan under the army had no intention of surrender.
i used to watch these guys when i ran the texas rangers ball club.	i refuse to argue jesse jackson on this or any other thread.
how about some of your own medicine.	how original of you tm.
wednesday’s decision is likely to please turkey, which has warned that the bill, if enacted, would seriously affect turkish-french ties.	the french legislation has enraged turkey, which has threatened sanctions if french president nicolas sarkozy signs the bill.
does not have the vision or the courage to sustain a program like apollo.	the net result would be devastating to the poorest of the poor.
suicide rates are sky high indicting desperation and sadness.	i can hear the desperation in your words.
people who believe that it is a cover up also think the movie "independence day" is a documentary.	i don't believe they have even started the bacs transfer, although the money is out of my account.
i have tough skin and a suspicious heart.	i have no idea what party/pres.
the link would have provided you with another aid too...	and tbh - once you do have kids - you will feel even more trapped.
they think that the stop snitchin' campaign has something to do with it.	i think newt has been the most accurate and forthright.
seeing a pattern here yet?	seeing mutated corpses don't bother me.
guess, what the lower middle to middle class already cannot afford it.	guess what dipshit - oil fumes are no laughing matter.
also i dont see thre being white majority groups in those countries, if anything they are getting smaller.	i don't need to create problems for myself, with customers feeling they were mislead.
pedorathist that trained me are from texas and trained at the austin, texas location.	i happened to cross this thread, however, and just wanted to clear up a couple of things.
"it is getting hotter, and the icecaps are melting and there is a buildup of carbon dioxide in the air."	it is more honest and accurate to say receipts average between 17%-19%, and in the 90's were in the high 19s and hit 20 by the end.
historically there has been hundreds of millions murdered in the name of islam across the world, every year there are hundreds of thousands murdered in the name of islam.	they report that there are no planes coming in or out, and that there are tens of thousands of people at the airport.
so - if they are at little risk of re-offending - what do we do?	just when was that little bit of legislation signed into law?
you have a crystal ball?	does anyone have any advice?
is your health care rationed?	is there any property involved?
thousands were literally bawling at his funeral.	that's why i'm talking about this.
a fair enough question, since i was the only white one on board.	and i care enough about each of you to share with you god's truth.
it was really weird to see such a thing on fox.	it may not be the case, but it's something to think about.
we are the home of tesla motors that only the "sean penns" of the world can afford.	when we were young, before my husband got an easier job, he did manual labor.
the era that the book covers is the worst era in tory party history so there is bound to be a lot of criticism in there but he is not slagging off the conservative party.	most americans are just to dumb to realize that their way of life is going to be changing for the worse and we are barely seeing the results of their apathy.
that darn liberal media never goes after liberals!!!	that is what liberty is about, after all.
and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions.	and then he gets his money back for it not being authentic?
allowing them to set up camp, much like they did in afghanistan to launch attacks accross the world?	we have shed thousands of lives in iraq and afghanistan and what have we accomplished?
i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.	i think that proably our biggest problem is that that is very rarely true.
we will be a third world country before you know it.	we were a country of innovation!
sure as hell doesn't sound safer to me.	mushy has to be the odds on favorite.
i can't wait for delivery day!	i can spot em a mile away.
i suggest you spread yourself out.	i understand your thinking.
because he isn't a leader, he is a perpetual campaigner and chief.	because it's fun, and there are no consequences.
other than that, i'm afraid there's not much else you can do.	either way, if you fancy a chat, feel free to pm if i were you id focus on an idol.
the obama administration?	the resolution was opposed by the obama administration.
the prime minister is also 14/1 to stay on long enough to beat margaret thatcher's 11-year spell.	he served three years in lock up, now he is on one year house arrest and ten years probation.
still trying to believe that the world is a zero sum game?	the rest of the world knows the same.
but it hurt 100x worse.	but look at the other side.
so far great shoe even though they cost so much.	i agree with there goes trouble.
this was an accident...	this is totally unacceptable!
i am heart sorry for you.	it's not healthy for our nation.
a lot of this revolves around money (or lack of), weddings = money, children = money and houses = money.	i thought this would be a good time for a meeting thread to exchange information and to remenisce.
why would they go to war over an ideology?	what have they done to deserve this?
your exclusionary club of bigotry is about to be infiltrated.	your life's goal is to amount to a hill of beans.
he knew that even though it wasn't his fault he was in trouble.	it may not have been common, but it doesn't have to be a long process.
wtf are you babbling about?	are you just in denial?
returned with great quality and a great representation of our firm.	this is why homosexuality is a great harm to our society.
government or the guys that actually own the business?	coming from the west isn't usually too terrible.
and they would try and put people together with volunteer opportunities.	and it got there without any of the vitriol of the ows.
it was our day, how we wanted and it was wonderful.	it displaces more water than an aircraft carrier.
he insisted one of the workers at the dmv give him one and she turned him down and got fired because of that.	one other thing, the reason why most like me think private enterprise is the only way to go now is because our govt.
i don't care if my 10-year old boy plays hours and hours of gta (ok, maybe not too much).	we decided that i would get my scissors and cut off his extra meat ( i think we played doctor too much).
everything's fair game on a public board.	this i am managing -just about.
Obama to name Susan Rice as national security adviser	Donilon out, Rice in as Obama's national security adviser
The foundations of South Africa are built on Nelson Mandela's memory	Australian politicians lament over Nelson Mandela's death
Turkish riot police tear gas Taksim Square protest	Turkish riot police enter Taksim Square
Chicago Shooting Shows Gap in Stepped-up Policing	Chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing
Feds move to require car-to-car safety communication	Guatemala overturns former dictator's genocide conviction
Carter stars for Crusaders	Bonus-point Super Rugby win for Crusaders
Ukraine protest leaders name ministers, Russian troops on alert	Ukraine Refuses to Act Against Russian 'Provocation'
North Korea shuns offer of talks	North Korea shoots 2 rockets
04:47 Renzi sworn in as Italian premier	Italy's Renzi sworn in as prime minister
Prince Charles 'compares Putin to Hitler'	Prince Charles 'compares Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler'
NATO chief urges restraint in Egypt	Iran decries extensive massacre in Egypt
Malala, Snowden, Belarusians Short-Listed For Sakharov Prize	Fugitive Snowden short-listed for European rights prize
40 still missing in Canadian train wreck	Hunt still on for 40 missing in Canada train blaze
Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq	Explosion near Damascus military airport
Israeli army resumes Gaza offensive	Israel escalates Gaza offensive, casualties mount
Nigeria: Militants kill students in college attack	Nigeria Islamists kill 9 students in school attack
Israel PM accuses Iran president of hypocrisy	Greek PM accuses coalition of hypocrisy
2nd New Zealand-West Indies ODI abandoned	New Zealand, West Indies ODI rained out
One dead in Philadelphia building collapse, others pulled from rubble	Six confirmed dead after Philadelphia building collapse
EU offers to help destroy Syria weapons	Germany offers help in destroying Syria weapons
Police clash with youth in Cairo after anti-Morsi protest	Egypt: Police clash with pro-Morsi protesters
Top Diplomats Meet in Munich at Critical Time	Top Diplomats Discuss Iran's Nuclear Program
Algerian President Bouteflika in Paris hospital	Algeria's President Bouteflika in hospital
US pursues al-Qaida leaders in dual Libya, Somalia raids	AP Source: US Forces Take Al-Qaida Leader in Libya
Why ElBaradei should step aside 	ElBaradei not confirmed as Egypt PM
Ronaldo's hat trick sends Portugal to World Cup	Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup
Snowden 'given refugee document by Ecuador'	Snowden poised to fly out of Moscow
NA President‚Äôs message on the World Press Freedom Day	Pakistan marks World Press Freedom Day
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan	US drone kills 18 in NW Pakistan
Israel moves forces near border with Gaza	Israel bolsters forces along volatile Gaza border
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo	EU foreign ministers seek solution on Syria arms
Strong Taiwan quake kills two, injures 21	Strong Iran quake kills child, causes damage
Israel frees Palestinians as talks gesture	Abbas accepts resignation of Palestinian peace negotiator Shtayyeh
Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185	Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144
Stocks to watch at close on Monday	Stocks to watch on Monday
Army jets kill 38 militants in NW Pakistan air raids	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
New Italy government to be sworn in	Italian premier to be sworn in today
Ukraine 'on verge of civil war'	Is Ukraine really on brink of civil war?
Israel agrees to 24-hour Gaza truce	Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours
Egypt turmoil deepens; militants kill 25 policemen	Egypt's turmoil deepens as Sinai attack kills 25 policemen
Egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo	Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
ElBaradei to Become Egyptian PM	Liberal ElBaradei named Egypt PM, Islamists cry foul
EDL leaders arrested during march to Woolwich	EDL leaders arrested on way to Woolwich
Andhra Pradesh high court asks Telugu actors Mohan Babu, Brahmanandam to return Padma Shri	HC advises actors Mohan Babu, Brahmanandam to return Padma Shri
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died	Man who set himself on fire on National Mall in DC dies
Philippines holds second senator over corruption	Philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
'Fast &amp; Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car crash at 40	Hollywood star Paul Walker dies in car crash
Flooding in southern China kills 37	Blast in northern Syria kills 6
German envoy optimistic about Iran-G5+1 talks	Iran 'cautiously optimistic' about future nuclear talks
Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies	Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66
Syrian opposition awaits invitation to Geneva peace talks	Syrian opposition sets Assad's departure precondition for Geneva talks
Chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects	Chinese search plane finds 'suspicious objects'
Pakistan releases American identified as FBI agent	Pakistan frees FBI agent on bail
Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum	Snowden's hits hurdles in search for asylum
Trending news across China on Oct 20	Trending news across China, Sept 15
Today in History, Jan. 24	Today in History, April 4
Boston Marathon bombing suspect caught after manhunt	Surviving Boston Marathon bombing suspect awaits charges
Death toll in building collapse in south India mounts to 47	4 killed in building collapse in southern India
Pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 TV channels	Pakistan Dismisses Case against FBI Agent
Chris Froome Set For Tour De France Win	Chris Froome's 'Monumental' Tour De France Win
Palestinian prisoners arrive at Muqata in Ramallah	Pakistani prisoner assaulted in Jammu jail
10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident	5 hurt in Gaza City car accident
Signals detected in MH370 search in 'same broad area'	Signal detected in MH370 search ‚Äėconsistent‚Äô with black box
Ceremonial funeral for Margaret Thatcher	UK bids farewell to 'Iron Lady' Margaret Thatcher
Angelina Jolie "very grateful" for support after double mastectomy	Angelina Jolie undergoes double mastectomy
Matt Smith quits BBC‚Äôs Doctor Who	Matt Smith quits BBC's Doctor Who
Thai junta amasses security force to smother Bangkok protests	Thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle
Rowhani declared winner of Iran presidential election	Official announcement: Rowhani wins Iran presidential election, says Minister
Aso refuses to resign over Nazi comments	Spanish PM refuses to resign over corruption scandal
PPP's Shehla Raza elected Deputy Speaker of SA	Shehla Raza takes oath as Sindh Assembly deputy speaker
Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon's Tripoli	2 explosions rock city in northern Lebanon
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials	US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan
Pakistan fighter jets bomb 'Taliban hideouts'	Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped
British tourist killed in Malaysia diving accident	Lawyer killed in boating accident
Sisi sworn in as Egypt's president, cool reception from West	Egypt‚Äôs Sisi sworn in as president
Taiwan's economy grows 2.27% in April-June quarter	China's economic growth rebounds to 7.8% in latest quarter
Bananas thrown at Italy's first black minister	Bananas thrown at Italy's first black minister Cecile Kyenge
Gunmen Kill Eight In Second Kenya Attack	Gunmen 'Kill 15' In Second Kenya Attack
US writer Homes blocks Mantel‚Äôs treble win	Homes denies Mantel literary treble
Pro football player Aaron Hernandez charged with murder in friend's shooting death	American football player Aaron Hernandez charged with murder
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352	Owner arrested as Bangladesh building toll reaches 372
U.S. resumes search for missing British sailors after public	US Coast Guard suspends search for missing British sailors
Rescuers scour debris after India buildings collapse	Select images from Bangladesh building collapse
Iraqi Bomb Attacks Kill At Least 13	Iraqi Car Bomb Near Church Kills At Least 14
The Note's Must-Reads for Monday, November 25, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday September 10, 2013
Tamerlan Tsarnaev buried in Virginia	Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
Egypt forces set to block access to Morsi protest camps	Egyptian forces move to clear pro-Morsi protest camps
Eurozone unemployment at record 12 percent	Eurozone unemployment hits record 12.1% in March
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94	Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
Japan's opposition party chief criticizes Abe's economic policies	Zimbabwe‚Äôs opposition MDC party challenges Robert Mugabe‚Äôs election win
Noise is No. 1 quality of life complaint in NYC	Noise Is No. 1 Quality-of-Life Complaint in NYC
3 Suspects Taken Into Custody in Boston Bombing Case	Boston police say 3 taken into custody in Marathon bombing
Malaysia Airlines plane 'shot down' in Ukraine	Malaysian plane shot down over Ukraine
UN chief: 'Fragile but real hope' at Syria peace talks	Israeli leader to keep hard-line in peace talks
Turkish court orders lifting of Twitter ban	Turkish Court Orders Halt to Twitter Ban
Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela	South Africa's rugby fraternity mourns Mandela
Defence in South Korea ferry trial warns of scapegoating	Defence in ferry trial warns of scapegoating
Declines in US stock market moderate	Tech sell-off sends Asian stock markets lower
11:42 Churchill's last child dies aged 91	Churchill's youngest child Lady Soames dies aged 91
Israeli calls to execute Palestinian captives instead of releasing them	Israel allows Palestinian prisoner release
Afghanistan gears up for run-off presidential vote	Afghanistan prepares for second round of presidential elections
Latest Anti-Muslim Violence in Burma Kills 1, Injures 10	World Briefing | Asia: Myanmar: Deadly Anti-Muslim Violence Flares Up
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday October 29, 2013
Swiss TV: Police say 44 injured in train collision	4 dead, 30 injured in train collision near Moscow
22 killed in mine accident in southwestern China	2 killed, dozens injured by blast in southwest Pakistan
NYPD Twitter Outreach Backfires Badly	NYPD's twitter campaign backfires
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting	Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting
Another migrant ship capsizes off Italy	Another migrant boat capsizes off Italy, 27 dead
Wawrinka defeats injured Nadal to win Australian Open	Nadal's Injury Jinx Continues in Australian Open
Pranab to lead team at Mandela‚Äôs memorial service	Jonathan to attend Mandela‚Äôs memorial service
Turkish search ends as last missing miners found	Turkish Search Ends as Last Missing Miners Found
Margaret Thatcher will receive Ceremonial funeral	Margaret Thatcher helped prevent 'devastating race war' in South Africa, former president says
UN invites Iran to Syria peace talks	France and US shun Iran on Syria peace talks
Iran predicts failure of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks	Tentative Deal Reached to Resume Israeli-Palestinian Talks - US
Pakistan survivor of honour killing attempt fears for her life	Pakistani teen girl survives attempted 'honour killing'
Olivia Colman wins second BAFTA Award	Baftas 2013: Olivia Colman picks up two awards
Titanic Violin Nabs Record $1.4 Million	Titanic violin sells for $1.7 million
Latest storm brings more snow to US East Coast	Latest Storm to Bring More Snow to East Coast
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June	Mubarak retrial adjourned to June
JAL's first order from Airbus is blow to Boeing	Japan Airlines orders 31 Airbus A350s valued at $9.5 bn
Twin blasts rock Boston Marathon	Two dead in twin explosions at Boston Marathon
EU, Britain argue over Juncker appointment	EU leaders give thumbs up to Juncker, Britain isolated
Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial	Sienna Miller attacks press for ‚Äėtitillating‚Äô reports at hacking trial
Israelis attack 2 Palestinians in Jerusalem area	Settlers Beat up Palestinian in Jerusalem
India Ink: Image of the Day: February 25	India Ink: Image of the Day: January 27
Bangladesh braces for violent protests after hanging of opposition leader	Bangladesh executes opposition leader
Daughter and son-in-law of elderly couple found buried in their back garden are charged with murder	Daughter and son-in-law accused of murdering elderly couple found buried in back garden after vanishing 15 years ago are remanded in custody
EU extends sanctions against Russia	Nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against Russian sailors
Cuba sees "major role" for foreign investment	House set to vote on plan to reopen government
‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room	Cory Monteith found dead: Canadian ‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star was 31
Al-Qaida suspects bomb oil export pipeline in Yemen	Al-Qaida gunmen take over military base in Yemen
Comedy actor Felix Dextor dies aged 52	British comedian Felix Dexter dies of cancer
Lebanon's PM forms 'unity cabinet' Lebanon's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office, taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am	BEIRUT: Lebanon's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday, including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over 
Iran has 18,000 centrifuges, 10,000 operating	Iran has 18,000 centrifuges, 10,000 already active
Iranian president makes debut on world stage	Iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken
London Marathon runners honour Boston victims	London Marathon observes silence for Boston victims
2 killed, multiple wounded in Miami shooting	Three killed, five wounded in Myrtle Beach shootings
Scores Killed In Egyptian Protests	Turkey's PM Warns Against Protests
US, China Set the Stage for Obama-Xi Summit	US, China set the stage for Obama-Xi meet
State Dept. issues wide travel alert, says terror attack possible	US issues global travel alert, cites al-Qaida threat
Cameron 'has no concerns' over halal meat	Veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays
Iran gets first presidential TV debate	Iranian media praises heated presidential debate
Muslim Brotherhood formed 'military wing': Egypt	Egypt declares Muslim Brotherhood a "terrorist group"
Michelle Obama To Star In Parks And Recreation	Michelle Obama to appear on 'Parks and Recreation'
Israel to release Palestinian prisoners	Israel Releases 26 Palestinian Prisoners
Kenyan troops storm Westgate Mall to end siege	Kenya forces battle to end mall siege
EU condemns terrorist attacks in China	Pakistan condemns terrorist attack in China
US says DPRK has no nuclear missile capability	White House says DPRK has no nuclear missile capability
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	Singapore stocks end down 0.45%
World's oldest man dies at 116	World's oldest ever man dies aged 116
GM slow on recalls, Congress record shows	mobile world congress future smartphone
10 killed in Sri Lankan bus accident	Seven killed in Karachi twin blasts
Joint Statement by the United States and Ukraine	Statement by the President on Ukraine
Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47	1 suspect arrested after Lebanon car bombings kill 45
Greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial	Greek Far-Right Leader Imprisoned Pending Trial
Bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350	Bangladesh factory owners arrested
3 bombs explode in southern Thailand, injuring 27	3 bombs explode in southern Thailand; 27 hurt
Israel eases ban on building material imports to Gaza	Israel eases curbs on building materials for Gaza
Ariel Castro Pleads Not Guilty	Ariel Castro pleads not guilty to rape and kidnap
Afghans downplay Taliban threats, continue voting to elect president	Afghans line up to vote in presidential runoff
4 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai ambush	3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai car bombing
BlackBerry open to sale	BlackBerry loses $965M in 2nd quarter
Beijing's Aircraft Carrier Returns from South China Sea	China sends carrier to South China Sea
Egypt courts hear cases against Mubarak, Islamists	Egypt court temporarily releases Mubarak over illicit gains
Bartoli wins Wimbledon title, beats Lisicki in 2	Bartoli routs Lisicki to win Wimbledon tennis title
Moscow's Crimea success could lead to it redrawing Ukraine's eastern border	Merkel: Russian actions could lead to a catastrophe
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95	Nelson Mandela Dies at Age 95
One dead, 77 hurt in riot at PNG immigration centre	One dead, 77 hurt in riot at Papua New Guinea immigration centre
Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son	Belgium King Albert II 'to abdicate'
Nazi Gestapo chief 'buried in Jewish cemetery'	Nazi chief buried in Jewish cemetary
Roadside Bomb Kills 7 Afghan Soldiers	Roadside bomb 'kills eight Afghan soldiers'
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train	11 killed as bus falls into ravine in northern Pakistan
Egypt's military cracks down on Muslim Brotherhood	Egypt army moves against Brotherhood
Swiss vote on highest minimum wage	Swiss cast ballots on world's highest minimum wage
Kevin Rudd sworn in as Australian prime minister	Rudd sworn in as Australia's new Prime Minister
Donetsk Region Protesters Detain Trucks Carrying Government Rocket Ammo	Come and get me, says Thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow
Couples tie the knot as same-sex marriage becomes law	Cameron hails first same-sex marriages in Britain
Star pupil stabbed to death by gang	British tourist trampled to death by elephant
Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank	Israeli forces detain 5 Palestinians in West Bank
National Conference on Economy set for end of May 2014	National elections set for 7 May 2014
Easy Rider star Karen Black dies aged 74	Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies Of Cancer
What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013	What the Papers Say, July 19, 2013
Coronation Street's Bill Roache Arrested	Coronation Street stars hail 'amazing' new set
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games	Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games
Russia warns Ukraine against EU deal	Rebels down Ukraine helicopters
Oscar Pistorius 'accidentally fired bullet in crowded restaurant - then asked friend to take blame'	Oscar Pistorius 'asked friend to take blame for restaurant shooting' ‚Äď video
Mandela 'responding to treatment'	Wife: Mandela is responding to treatment.
Two arrested in India after lost tourist raped	Two arrested in India for gang rape of Danish tourist
Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct	Singapore stocks close 0.25 pct lower
Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series	Red Sox beat Tigers 5-2 to advance to World Series
Israeli war jet strikes on northern Gaza	Israeli air strike on sourthern Gaza town kills seven
At Least 22 Dead After China Earthquake	At least 89 dead in China earthquakes
Gunmen kill nine foreign tourists, guide in Pakistan	Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
French president meets bidders for industrial jewel Alstom	French-Made Warship Destined for Russia Sets Sail
China yuan weakens to 6.1559 against USD	China yuan strengthens to 6.1767 against USD
Six US soldiers killed in aircraft crash in Afghanistan	Six U.S. soldiers killed in helicopter crash in Afghanistan
Suicide truck bomber kills 11 in northern Iraq	Suicide car bomb kills 12 in northern Iraq
News is my Business	A New iPad Is Coming
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory	Hernandez double gives Mexico victory over Japan
Rights lawyers harassed as China hails rule of law	China Rights Lawyers Harassed by About 200 Thugs
Activists: Syrian airstrike kills 21 in Aleppo	New Syrian Airstrikes Kill at Least 15 in Aleppo
Rosberg emulates father with Monaco win	FORMULA 1: Rosberg stays modest despite Monaco win
Glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine	Earthquake death toll rises to 260
Another hole in GPO as PM's bureau chief steps down	Netanyahu's bureau chief steps down
Huge explosion after oil train derails in Canada	Huge explosion as freight train derails near Baltimore
David Beckham to retire at end of season	David Beckham Retires From Football
Afghanistan: suicide bomber kills eight in military bus blast	Roadside bomb 'kills eight Afghan soldiers'
China sacks top economic official	China FM hosts senior ASEAN officials
Deaths in bombings and shootings across Iraq	Bombings and a shooting kill 8 in Iraq
N. Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	North Korea's Kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle
George Zimmerman not guilty of boy‚Äôs murder	Live Blog: George Zimmerman Not Guilty
EU, Myanmar work toward investment protection agreement	China no longer top investment destination: poll
Tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam	Tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct
Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher dies at 87	Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes	Thousands of Morsi supporters gather in Egypt
U.N. condemns ethnic killings in South Sudan oil town	UN Condemns Ethnic Killings in South Sudan
Israel colonel killed in Jordan Valley	Israeli killed in West Bank attack
Feds drop 'morning-after pill' appeal	US to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok	Police fire tear gas at protesters
Shooting, protests mar Thai voting	Thai protesters disrupt advance voting
China stock index futures close lower -- April 23	China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4
North Korea urges foreigners in South to evacuate	North Korea warns foreigners in South Korea to evacuate
Canada approves oil pipeline to the Pacific Coast	Canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to Pacific
Hollande stands firm to fight terrorism after Niger explosions	Hollande says schoolgirl may return to France after expulsion
Seven Filipinos slain in Yemen attack	Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack
Storm buries Northeast; 16 inches of snow in NJ	Forum urges stable relations for China, Japan
Israel ends airstrike case; Palestinians critical	Israeli gunboats fire at Palestinian fishermen
Diana Nyad completes record swim on fifth try	'Never, ever give up': Diana Nyad completes historic Cuba-to-Florida swim
Bernie's Sports Focus July 1 2013	Bernie's Sports Focus 2nd January 2014
Protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Deadly explosions hit Boston Marathon in US	Two bombs strike Boston marathon
South Sudan president declares state of emergency in two states	South Sudan (Republic of): South Sudan‚Äôs Kiir declares a state of emergency in Jonglei and Unity states
Putin, Merkel Meet on Ukraine Crisis	Foreign ministers to meet over Ukraine crisis
Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges	Dave Lee Travis pleads not guilty to all charges
Oil falls below $102 on US shutdown notice	Oil prices extend falls amid US shutdown
41 killed, 22 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	35 killed, 138 wounded in wave of attacks in Iraq
Respected British interviewer David Frost dies of a heart attack	Broadcaster David Frost dies
Iran 'thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts'	Iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility
Stocks Little Changed in Early Trading	US Stocks Slip Early Ahead of Earnings Reports
Court to hear Bo Xilai appeal	Chinese court agrees to Bo Xilai appeal
Jamaican connection in Liverpool's win	Japan Election: Shinzo Abe Hails Landslide Win
Turkish police fire tear gas on protesters	Turkey: Police Fire Tear Gas At Protesters
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday	China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday
Three dead after NYC building collapse	Thirteen dead after Nari slams into Philippines
Netanyahu talks tough on Iran before Vatican talks	Netanyahu Meets Pope, Talks Tough on Iran
Man charged with teacher's murder new A 22-year-old man will be charged with the murder of a nursery teacher who was gunned down while celebrating her birthday.	Sabrina Moss: Man, 22, charged with murdering nursery teacher gunned down while celebrating birthday
International weapons experts leave Syria, Obama to make statement	Weapons experts leave Syria, U.S. prepares attack
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protests continue in Ukraine despite concessions
Construction site collapse kills 7 in C. China	Crane collapse kills 4 in NE China
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 3.00pm	FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 9 a.m.
France to shut far-right group ...	France to shut far-right group after student death
Tornado kills five in Oklahoma	New Tornado Emergency in Oklahoma City
Queen visits London soldier attack scene	Queen Elizabeth II visits barracks of UK soldier slain last week
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting	17 Hurt at New Orleans Parade Shooting
India and China troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal	India says China agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal
Relief in Boston as second suspect captured	Police confirm how suspect was captured
Syrian army retakes Crusader castle from rebels	Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle
Chinese court agrees to hear Bo Xilai appeal	Court to hear Bo Xilai appeal
N. Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles into sea: Yonhap	Iran says it test-fires new land-to-sea missile in Gulf
Saudi to give Lebanese army $3 billion	Saudi Arabia to grant Lebanese army $3 billion
Ovadia Yosef, rabbi and Israeli kingmaker, dies	Rabbi Ovadia Yosef, kingmaker of Israeli politics, dies at 93
US Home Sales Plunged 5.1 Percent in January	US existing-home sales dip in February
Red Cross workers released in Ukraine	Red Cross members kidnapped in Syria
Mandela's condition is now critical	Mandela's condition 'still critical'
Syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition	Syria: Cameron and Obama move west closer to intervention
Queen to name biggest ever carrier	Queen names giant aircraft carrier
Bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush	Bangladesh prison van ambushed
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali	Wreckage from AirAlgerie flight AH5017 found in Mali
Hamas agrees to 24-hour truce in Gaza	Hamas agrees to 24-hour holiday truce in Gaza war after Israel resumes fighting
UN stalemate over Syria	G20 Summit ends divided over Syria
Influential Palestinians Seek One Democratic State	Arab League Backs Palestinian Stance in Peace Talks
Dozens killed in Russian plane crash	Ten killed in Alaska plane crash
Southwest jet hit nose first	Southwest Jet's Nose Gear Landed First
U.S. retailers agree to Bangladesh plant safety pact	70 retailers agree to new Bangladesh factory safety pact
US government shutdown begins - live updates	Government Shutdown Begins Over Health Care Feud
Woman loses arm in Maui shark attack	Woman Loses Arm in Shark Attack off Maui
occupied Palestinian territory: Stop Shooting at Gaza Civilians	occupied Palestinian territory: Protection of Civilians Weekly Report 
French President Hollande condemns Ukraine referendums as 'null and void'	Hollande condemns Ukraine referendums as 'null and void'
Obama names outspoken Rice as his security adviser	Obama to name Susan Rice as national security adviser
Indian stocks close lower	Indian stocks open lower
Former Israeli Prime Minister Sharon dies at 85	Former Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon dies, aged 85
India Ink: Image of the Day: February 25	India Ink: Image of the Day: April 21
Suicide bomber kills 14 in Afghanistan	Suicide blast kills 1 in Afghan capital
China launches probe and rover to moon	China launches first moon rover mission
All eyes on Khurshid‚Äôs trip ...	EU finance ministers‚Äô talks b...
Australia cuts rates to record low	Australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75%
Chinese News Agency Slams Delays in Search for Jet	Ten Chinese vessels on standby for jet search
Injury puts Brazil's Neymar out of World Cup	Neymar out of World Cup
Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June	Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April
N Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles	N. Korea fires short-range missiles
Syrian opposition sets Assad's departure precondition for Geneva talks	Syria opposition agrees to Geneva peace talks
15 dead as Egypt police disperse pro-Mursi camps	'15 killed' as Egyptian forces clear pro-Morsi camps in Cairo
Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast	Palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in Prague
Protesters clash with police in Caracas	Protesters Clash with Police in Brazil
U.S. closes embassy in Libya, evacuates staffers	US Evacuates Embassy in Libya Amid Unrest
Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'	South Korea ferry captain arrested
N Korea postpones family reunions with South	North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South
Chinese president meets Indian vice president	Chinese president meets U.S. state secretary
Taiwan stocks close 0.56 pct higher	Singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train	Gunmen kill nine in southwest Pakistan: Police
Teenage girl killed in east London Shereka Marsh was shot in the neck, police say	Hackney shooting: Teenager Shereka Marsh 'bled to death after being shot in neck'
Death toll in Nairobi attack rises to 59	Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
Singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher	Taiwan stocks close 0.34 pct lower
Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire	Fighting continues despite Ukraine ceasefire
Tropical Storm Fernand forms off Mexico's coast	Tropical Storm Fernand hits Mexico, dumps rain
China's Peace Ark departs for the Philippines Thursday	China sends aid team to Philippines
Turkish police fight protesters, clear square	Turkish police clash with protesters for 2nd day
France cleared to impose controversial 'millionaire tax'	Manila to increase counter-terror team
Iran dissidents 'killed in Iraq'	France loses influence in Europe
James Gandolfini dies aged 51	Nelson Mandela dies aged 95
China questions Japan's revision of pacifist constitution	Australia supports revision of Japanese constitution
Nearly nine million people in 'severe debt'	Britain's debt timebomb: Nine million are in 'serious debt'
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie	Egypt braces for more violence as Muslim Brotherhood calls 'march of anger'
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon	Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train	Five killed by bomb blast in East India
Actor Mickey Rooney dies aged 93	Ariel Sharon dies aged 85
The new Cold War	A new Cold War?
Eleven die in clashes in Lebanon's Tripoli	Soldier and civilian killed in clashes in Lebanon's Tripoli
Brazil in talks to hire 6,000 Cuban doctors	Brazil hires 4,000 Cuban doctors
Kenyan forces caused mall collapse	Official says Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
Powerful quake strikes off eastern Indonesia	6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
Driver of crashed Spanish train held on suspicion of negligent homicide	Spanish train driver held on suspicion of negligent homicide
Is Fed ready to begin taper? Markets say yes	Is Fed ready to begin the great taper? Markets say yes
N.Korea cancels family reunions	North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South
Scientists grow "mini human brains" from stem cells	Scientists grow mini 'human brain' in the lab
Virginia's ex-Gov. Bob McDonnell, wife charged with corruption	France ex-president Sarkozy charged with corruption
Cuba's 'Ladies' to pick up EU prize 8 years late	Cuba's 'Ladies' to Pick Up EU Prize 8 Years Later
Boeing 787 Dreamliner fire shuts Heathrow	Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire at London Heathrow airport
Fourteen killed in Brazil bus accident	Two killed in Arizona skydiving accident
Afghan official says some 2,000 people missing after landslide buries a northeast village	Afghan Official Says 2,000 Missing After Landslide
Snowden Offered Asylum In Three Countries	Snowden's latest offer of asylum comes from Bolivia
Israel cabinet approves Palestinian prisoner release	Israel approves release of 104 Palestinian prisoners
US: Assad used chemical weapons on Syria rebels	Assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons
Death Toll in Bangladesh Collapse at 194	At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Assault on Iraq Funeral, Other Attacks Kill 92	Assault on Iraq funeral, other attacks kill 96
Syrian warplanes reportedly strike in Iraq, killing 57	Syria and Iran Step Up Involvement in Iraq Conflict
Nine Dead In Oklahoma City After Tornadoes Hit	Oklahoma City Airport Evacuated During Tornado...
Israeli teens missing in West Bank	Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank
President mourns death of Mandela	World mourns passing of Mandela
Israel agrees to release Palestinian prisoners	Israel to free 104 Palestinians in peace talks: PM
Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast	Palestinian envoy killed in Prague blast
Rogers hires Vodafone UK chief Guy Laurence as CEO	Rogers names Vodafone UK chief as new CEO
EU adds Hezbollah's military wing on its terrorist list	EU put Hezbollah military wing on terrorism blacklist
Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47	Death toll in Turkish bombings rises to 46
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut, 7 killed	Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut
Israel expands subsidies to settlements	Israel widens settlement subsidies
Suicide bomber kills nine police in north Iraq	Suicide bomber kills eight Kurdish security forces personnel in Iraq
North, South Korea agree to first reunions	North, South Korea agree to talks
Singapore shares open 0.31% higher on Monday	Singapore shares open lower on Monday
SA duo killed in terror attack	Scores killed in Iraq attacks
Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits	Suicide bomber kills 13 Iraqi army recruits in Baghdad
Muslim Brotherhood supporter killed in clash in Egypt: security sources	Muslim Brotherhood supporters, opponents clash nationwide
Syrian forces hit mosque with barrel bomb, kill 5	Hunting for clues in Boston bombing
Mandela in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition	Mandela in ‚Äėcritical but stable‚Äô condition
Obama, Hollande discuss response to alleged chemical weapons use in Syria	US intelligence still indecisive whether chemical weapons were used in Damascus suburbs
What the Papers Say, Nov. 19, 2013	What the Papers Say Sept. 26, 2013
Wall Street dips as impasse in budget talks puzzles investors	Wall Street rises at open on data, Washington eyed
Deaf customers sue Starbucks, say they're mocked	Deaf NY Starbucks patrons sue, say they're mocked
Thousands evacuated in Moscow metro fire	Thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in Moscow Metro
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong on flight to Moscow	Snowden 'quits Hong Kong for Moscow'
Air strikes kill 20 civilians in Syria's Damascus	Air strike kills one civilian in Syria's Deraa
38 killed in rains, flash floods in Pakistan	Three killed in Brazil stadium collapse
7 killed by Shiite al-Houthi fighters in northern Yemen	At least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north Yemen
Lebanon pins hope in Geneva II conference on Syria	Lebanon hopes Geneva II conference initiate political solution on Syria
Nadal, Djokovic to meet in French Open semifinals	Djokovic, Nadal to vie for French Open semi berth
Iran excluded from Syria peace talks: UN	Many killed in Syrian air strike
New uncertainty about missing Malaysian plane	T.B Joshua reveals fate of missing Malaysian plane
Flight of Boston Marathon bombing suspects ended in mayhem	Images of Boston Marathon bomb suspects released
Libya asks UN Security Council for help	Kerry Calls On UN Security Council to Act on Syria
German police foil neo-Nazi model airplane bomb plan	German police foil far-right 'model plane bomb plot'
California Wildfire Forces Evacuation Of Homes	California wildfires strengthened by winds as hundreds are evacuated
Kerry call on Congress to end shutdown	Brazil's Congress approves internet legislation
China stocks close lower on Wednesday	China treasury bond futures close mixed Wednesday
Berlusconi said to pay off 'bunga bunga' witnesses	Berlusconi accused of bribing witnesses in prostitution trial
US condemns Lebanon blasts	US condemns Afghan prisoner release
Super typhoon hits Philippines	Most powerful typhoon of 2013 hits the Philippines
The Note's Must-Reads for Monday, December 2, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday, October 8, 2013
Arrest over French soldier's stabbing	France arrests man in soldier's stabbing
Canada train plot suspects reject charges	Canadians released in Egypt, not yet heading home
Nearly 1,900 killed in Syria during peace talks	1,900 killed in Syria while Geneva talks remain deadlocked
East Ukraine Separatists Ask to Join Russia	Crimean Parliament Votes to Join Russia
Rudd sworn in as new Australian PM	Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
North Korea blocks South workers from Kaesong industrial zone	North Korea Blocks South Koreans from Factory Zone
Moon rocks indicate earth's orb born of collision	Indian minister killed in head-on collision
Obama lashes North Korea as pariah state	Obama lashes North Korea as weak ‚Äėpariah state‚Äô
Abbas accepts resignation of Palestinian PM	Abbas accepts resignation of Rami Hamdallah
BlackBerry loses US$965m in Q2	BlackBerry loses $965M in 2nd quarter
Colombia strike three times	Colombia too slick for Greece
Pakistan Air Strikes Kill 32 Militants	Pakistan Says Air Strikes Kill At Least 60 Militants
Tornadoes level homes in Oklahoma, 1 dead	Tornadoes hit Kan., Okla.; no injuries reported
Egypt strongly opposes military action against Syria	Reactions to the prospect of military action against Syria
Tony Abbott sworn in as new Australian PM	Tony Abbott Sworn In As Australia PM
11 killed in Chinese police station attack	9 shot dead in Xinjiang police station attack
Pro-Russia rebels downed Malaysian plane: Ukraine	Russia Preparing Counterproposals Over Ukraine
No argument with Jakarta on boats: Abbott	No agreement at Iran nuclear talks
Nigerian police ban protests over kidnapped girls	Nigeria reviewing 'all options' over kidnapped girls
GM recalls about 60,000 Saturns to fix gear shifts	GM recalls about 60,000 Saturn Aura cars
2 Children Die on Long Island After Being Pulled From Neighbor‚Äôs Pool	Children Die In Neighbour's New York Pool
US believes Syria has probably used chemical weapons	US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
Sanford gets his chance to debate Colbert Busch in S.C.	Black Voters Are Key to a Colbert Busch Win in South Carolina
McCain in surprise visit to Afghanistan	Obama Makes Surprise Visit To Afghanistan
Japan PM Abe escapes injury in five-car collision	Japanese PM escapes injury in 5-car collision
Egypt's opposition criticizes president's speech	Pakistan's opposition party boycotts presidential elections
Syrian war seen dragging on for years	Syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners
Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean	Israel says it carried out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean
Barack Obama cancels meeting with Vladimir Putin over Edward Snowden	Barack Obama drops meeting with Vladimir Putin over Ed Snowden affair
Volcano erupts in Indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed	Volcanic eruption closes 3 airports
Egypt threatens Brotherhood ban	Egypt's military takes control over Muslim Brotherhood, supporters
49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq
Ukraine's Yanukovych says he does not plan to resign	Ukraine opposition demands Yanukovich resign
Flash floods kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan	Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan
Investigators probe motives of LAX airport shooter	Investigators Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter
Margaret Thatcher, former U.K. PM, dead at 87	Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old Indian girl raped at school	Outrage After Indian Girl, 6, Raped at Her School
Egypt's Brotherhood to hold "march of anger"	Egypt's Brotherhood holds Day of Rage rallies
Building collapse kills 15 in India	Building collapses claim lives in India
Janet Yellen to become first woman to lead the Federal Reserve	US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
Nine killed more than 40 injured in multiple bus crash in Germany	Several killed and scores injured in Germany bus crash
2 killed as more storms batter Britain	Two killed as fierce overnight storms batter Britain
World powers, Iran under Rouhani revive nuclear talks	World powers seek rare progress in Iran nuclear talks
Tymoshenko urges EU to take strong action on Crimea	Ukraine crisis: This is the de-facto annexation of Crimea
Germany Summons US Envoy Over Alleged NSA Spying	Germany Summons U.S. Envoy over Merkel Phone Spy Claims
Muslim Brotherhood banned in Egypt	Military holds upper hand in Egypt
Uneasy calm descends on Turkey square	Uneasy calm returns to Turkey's protest square
More Deaths Expected in Canada Oil Train Explosion	Five dead in Canada train crash
Aimee Copeland Gets Bionic Hands	Flesh-eating bacteria amputee Aimee Copeland uses new bionic hands
Mainland's Taiwan affairs chief completes	Mainland's Taiwan affairs chief concludes epochmaking island visit
Philippines defers comment on Taiwan fisher attack	Bin Laden's continuing sway shown in Kenya mall attack
Sailors dead in India submarine blast	All sailors on board Indian submarine 'feared dead'
Crowds, Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service	Obama takes 'selfie' at Mandela's funeral service
Death toll from Baghdad bombs rises to 19	Death toll from Egypt clashes rises to 57
3 Palestinians released from Israeli prisons	Two Canadians released from prison in Egypt
Two dead as Egyptians clash ahead of opposition rallies	Two dead, as Egyptians clash ahead of rallies
Children and adults injured in 'very serious' car crash outside primary school new A number of children were injured after a car overturned near a primary school today.	Children and adults injured in car crash outside primary school new Nine injured after car overturns near school in Wales.
Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis, Palestinians	Obama meets Israeli, Palestinian negotiators
Leading Egyptian activist turns himself in	Leading Egyptian Activist Turns Himself in Cairo
Russia releases Greenpeace doctor	Russian court releases Greenpeace ship doctor on bail
Russian aircraft wreckage found after a year	Russia evacuates embassy in Libya after attack
17 killed in US drone attack on Yemen wedding party	U.S. drone mistakenly kills 14 in Yemen wedding convoy
China manufacturing index at 11-month low: HSBC	China manufacturing expands in September
Series of bombings kills 15 in Iraq	Wave of bombings kills 50 in Iraq
Syrian PM Survives Bomb Attack	Syrian PM survives bomb attack in capital
France to ban child beauty pageants	Facebook to test mobile payments service
Today in History, Dec. 2	Today in History, April 23
Lord Palumbo offers hope for a relationship with his son James	Oscar Pistorius sent for mental evaluation: what will it mean?
Three women missing for a decade found alive in Cleveland home	Three women missing for decade found alive in US
New Zealand botulism scare triggers global recall	Botulism scare triggers recall
In second attack, Pak Taliban attack Karachi airport academy	Second attack at Karachi airport
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport	UN Adopts Syrian Chemical Weapons Resolution
Death toll rises to 29 in India's Mumbai building collapse	Death toll rises to 12 in Indonesia mine collapse
Israel responds coolly to outcome of Iranian presidential election	Inside Iran's Presidential Election and Beyond
Air strikes kill 20 civilians in Syria's Damascus	Air strike kills eight civilians in Syria's Homs
Extremists claim responsibility for Niger attacks	Greek militant group claims responsibility for Golden Dawn killings
U.S. court: Utah gay marriages can continue	California gay marriage fight may continue
Eurozone's unemployment climbs to 12.1%, a fresh record high	Eurozone unemployment hit record 12.2% in September
Fromer Pakistani army chief Musharraf charged in 2007 Bhutto assassination	Former Pakistan army chief charged in Bhutto death
World Briefing | The Americas: Brazil: Dispute in Bolivia Spills Over	World Briefing | The Americas: Brazil: Arrests Begin in Vote-Fraud Case
Pro-Russians forces enter Ukrainian naval base in Crimea	Crimean forces storm Ukrainian navy headquarters
Body of missing South Korean shipping tycoon found in field	Sewol ferry disaster: Body of South Korean shipping tycoon found
New Boko Haram video claims to show missing Nigerian schoolgirls	Boko Haram video said to show kidnapped Nigerian girls
Actor Philip Seymour Hoffman found dead	US actor Philip Seymour Hoffman found dead in New York
Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources	Egypt court sentences 529 Morsi supporters to death
No update on Nelson Mandela's condition	Nelson Mandela's condition improves
One dead in US building collapse	Six killed in US building collapse
Ukraine: Nine people die in Kyiv clashes	Ukraine pressured over Kiev clashes
Mall attackers used 'less is more' strategy	In Kenya, attackers used 'less is more' strategy
Islamists protest US drone strikes in Pakistan	Islamists lead protests against US drone strikes in Pakistan
US Flying Surveillance Missions to Help Find Kidnapped Nigerian Girls	US surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped Nigerian girls
6.4-magnitude quake strikes off Indonesia	6.9-magnitude quake strikes off Russia's Kuril Islands
Deputy speaker faces new sex claims	Deputy Speaker Nigel Evans Re-Arrested
Three Killed In Crash At Tiananmen Square	SUV crash near Tiananmen Square kills 5
Button Hits Back at McLaren Boss	Button hits back at Dennis criticisms
2 dead, 2 injured in Nevada middle school shooting	Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting
Death toll in India building collapse hits 42	Death toll in Goa building collapse rises to 17
CIA chief visits Israel for Syria talks	CIA chief in Israel to discuss situation in Syria
Prince George is christened at St James's Palace	Prince George christened in London
Monty Python to reunite for new show	Monty Python to reunite on stage
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP	Belgian Prime Minister sends condolences to victims
EU foreign ministers to discuss how to press Egypt over bloodshed	EU foreign ministers to discuss Egypt on Wednesday
Gunman who held suburban Atlanta firefighters hostage now dead, police say	The Lede: Video: Gunman Takes Firefighters Hostage in Georgia
Bradley Manning-WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing	Manning WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing phase
Police helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow - several casualties	Helicopter crashes into roof of Glasgow club
Egypt poll: 98 per cent vote 'yes' for new constitution	Egypt holding key vote on constitution
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal
Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	Obama shakes hands with Cuba's Castro at Mandela memorial
China says bird flu death toll rises to 14	China culling birds as flu toll rises to 6
China, Israel vow to further deepen cooperation	China, Singapore vow to further deepen cooperation
Bangladesh opposition set for mass march against polls	Bangladesh opposition set for mass rally
In surprise visit to Afghanistan, Obama tells troops 'you inspire me'	Obama Makes Surprise Visit To Afghanistan
Israeli forces arrest 6 Palestinians in overnight West Bank raids	Israel classifies Jerusalem natives as noncitizens
Hague 'concerns over conduct' of Zimbabwe election	Zimbabwe: 'Grave Concerns' Over Election
Hong Kong stocks end higher	Indian stocks open higher
Dignitaries pay tribute to Paul Desmarais	Stars pay tribute to James Garner
5 things you need to know Tuesday	5 things you need to know on Friday
Southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch	Southwest flights delayed, canceled after computer glitch
Vatican Embassy in Syria hit by mortar fire	Vatican embassy in Syria hit by mortar; no injuries
Egypt Brotherhood Guide Faces New Murders Case	Egypt Brotherhood deputy leader Shater arrested
China shares close higher Friday	Chinese shares close higher Monday
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone	North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone
Gunmen 'kill 10 tourists' in Kashmir	Gunmen kill four in Kenya church attack
Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani	Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
Blaze That Killed 19 Firefighters Now Contained	Arizona wildfire that killed 19 Hotshots now contained
Iran president Rouhani ready for nuclear talks	Iranian president ready for nuclear negotiations
'Western' forces attack Islamic militant base in Somalia	Western powers scramble to befriend Modi
Philippines detains 11 Chinese on fishing charges	Philippines Detains 11 Chinese Fishermen
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
Israeli general says Syria government forces used chemical weapons	Israel Accuses Syria of Using Chemical Weapons
Suicide bomber kills 20 in Iraq	Suicide bomber attacks primary school in Iraq, kills 15
Major fire breaks out in JK secretariat in Srinagar	Fire breaks out near secretariat in Srinagar
Five killed in Belgian coach crash	Eleven dead in Belgian plane crash
Pakistan's Musharraf lashes out after arrest	Pakistan's Musharraf on the run after arrest order
Five children buried alive in Bohol landslide	Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack
6 Killed by Hot Lava as Indonesia Volcano Erupts	Five dead in Indonesian eruption
At least 11 killed in India building collapse	At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
Prince George christening, meet the godparents	Prince George christened in London
Egypt's presidential election begins	Egypt issues long-waited presidential election law
Son of US evangelist kills himself The son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren has killed himself.	Son of popular US evangelist Warren kills himself
At least 45 killed in Spain train crash	Update 2: 78 killed in Spanish train disaster
French soldier stabbed near Paris	French Soldier Stabbed In Neck In Paris
Nicaragua, Venezuela offer asylum to Snowden	Venezuela offers "humanitarian asylum" to Snowden
China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation released at 16th China-EU Summit	Full text: China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation
Italian parliament backs new PM	Train Derailment Kills 4 in New York
Russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting Internet	Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
Suicide bomb kills 4, injures 13 in Pakistan	Twitter blocks content in Pakistan
Ukraine rebels 'flee eastern stronghold'	Ukraine Claims Rebels Flushed from Main Stronghold
Russian military moves in Crimea are declaration of war, says Ukrainian PM	Pro-Russia rally held in Simferopol, capital of Ukraine
Super Typhoon Haiyan, Strongest of Season, Slams the Philippines	Super typhoon Haiyan closes in on the Philippines
Nato condemns Ukraine crackdown	Thai bonds best in region
Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut	Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut
China to investigate EU wine exports	Christie investigation heats up
Chinese shares close higher on Tuesday	Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Bangladesh Building Collapse Death Toll Hits 362	Bangladesh factory collapse death toll hits 1,021
Nelson Mandela hospitalized in serious condition with lung infection	Nelson Mandela hospitalized with lung infection
Ariel Sharon in critical condition	Hospital: Ariel Sharon's health worsens
Berlusconi party ministers' announcement of resignation throws Italy into political crisis	Berlusconi ministers resign; Italy gov't in crisis
Conan O'Brien at the White House Correspondents' Dinner	Obama and O'Brien Cast Their Versions of D.C. White House Correspondents' Dinner
Next Iran nuclear talks due on June 16-20-IRNA	Iran: Nuclear deal to be implemented on January 20
One killed as more than a million protest in Brazil	A million protest in Brazil's cities
Boston bomb suspect charged; religious motive seen	Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
EU condemns violence in Iraq	White House condemns violence in Egypt
Asian markets mixed on China trade data	Asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears
World's oldest person dies in Japan at 116	Jiroemon Kimura: World's oldest person dies aged 116
Foreign exchange rates in India	Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
Colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen	Colorado wildfire may be biggest property destroyer in state history
Cypriot Finance Minister Michalis Sarris resigns	Cyprus finance minister resigns
Heartbreaking transcript reveals indecision as South Korea ferry sank	South Korea ferry: Transcript reveals evacuation panic
Death toll in India temple stampede rises to 109	Death toll in Madhya Pradesh temple stampede climbs to 115
Man sets himself on fire at Washington's National Mall	Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall, Flown to Hospital
Two killed in Karachi blast	4 killed in Pakistan blasts
Putin submits federal constitutional law on Crimea‚Äôs integration into Russia to State Duma	Putin signs a treaty for Crimea to join Russia
Global progress seen in ending death penalty	Iran diplomat: progress being made in expert-level talks
Earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island	Earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes Thailand
President Xi mourns Mandela	President mourns death of Mandela
US, Afghan govt to hold peace talks with Taliban	Pakistan holds direct talks with Taliban
Suspect arrested in attack on French soldier	Man arrested over attack on French soldier
Mainland's Taiwan affairs chief meets Taipei mayor	Mainland's Taiwan affairs chief concludes epochmaking island visit
US 'deeply disturbed' by Chinese activist death	US 'deeply disturbed' by Chinese dissident's death
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (January 22 ‚Äď 28, 2014)	News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (July 31 ‚Äď August 6, 2013)
Most victims of fiery bus crash identified	38 bodies of victims identified
Tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down	Tokyo stocks close 0.49pc lower
US awaits high court judgment on gay marriage	Ark. high court again suspends gay marriage
'It's either too late or too early to intervene in Syria'	UN Chief: Inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in Syria
Greek police arrest German on suspicion of spying	Israel press bemoans price of talks resumption
Chinese stocks open higher - Apr 2	Chinese stocks open lower Thursday
05:26 Bo Xilai convicted of corruption	Bo Xilai indicted for corruption
Iran's nuclear negotiating team leaves for Kazakhstan	Iran's nuclear quest 'has cost Tehran over $100 billion'
U.S factory orders down 0.7 pct in January	German factory orders rebound in January
4 foreigners among 9 killed in Kabul hotel attack	Foreigners among dead in Kabul hotel attack
Kerry in Indonesia to Talk Climate Change	Kerry warns Indonesia of climate change
Iran 'will never build nuclear arms'	Iran, world powers pledge new nuclear talks
Russia warns of catastrophe if Syria reactor hit by U.S. strike	Russia warns of "catastrophe" if N Korea restarts reactor
Gunmen Surround Libya's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands	Gunmen surround Libyan foreign ministry to push demands
Deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into Scottish pub	Police helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
Typhoon death toll rises to 3633	Egyptian death toll rises to 638
Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill	Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine	Russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern Ukraine: FM
Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	Wikileaks soldier Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
Death toll from west Chinas violence rises to 35	10 killed as Insurgent violence returns to Pakistan
US, Russia to push for new Syria peace talks	Russia Doubts Mid-November Date for Syria Peace Talks
G7 'to intensify Russia sanctions'	Ukraine Fears Russian Invasion
Drone Strikes a Seminary in Pakistan	US drone strike kills 8 in NW Pakistan
Rock bands' plane makes emergency landing in Ill.	Rock Bands' Plane Makes Emergency Landing in Ill.
Malaysia sets date for landmark elections	Malaysia set for landmark general election
Egypt's Brotherhood loses grip as anger boils	Egypt's Brotherhood calls for 'day of anger'
Russian Prime Minister On Second Day Of Crimea Visit	Russia warns against setting preconditions for Syria
Ship hunting for more pings in missing Malaysian plane search	Australian ship trawls for signals from missing Malaysia plane
All gunmen in attack on Afghan presidential palace killed	Algeria: Belaid says he will continue presidential campaign
Judge OKs force-feeding California inmates	U.S. judge approves force-feeding Californian inmates on hunger strik
Gang violence kills 16 in Venezuelan prison	Sixteen killed in Venezuela prison
6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts Taiwan: CENC	7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
Scores dead in fresh Egypt clashes	At least 64 killed across country in Egypt clashes
UN Chemical Weapons Experts to Visit Syria	US Says Chemical Weapons Used in Syria
Firefighters battle forest fire in SW China	Firefighters battling scrub fire in Hokianga
Palestinians Remember Mandela as an Inspiration	3 Palestinians released from Israeli prisons
US Military Deaths in Afghanistan at 2,153	U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan
Israel, Palestinians seek another meeting Monday: U.S. official	Palestinians: We Don't Want Kerry Mission to Fail
Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons	Syria FM: We will stop producing chemical weapons
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	Tropical Storm Karen poised to make landfall
Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon's Tripoli	Blasts kill 27 outside two mosques in Lebanon's Tripoli
Pit Bull Dog Kills Baby Girl In Blackburn	Dog Mauls Baby Girl To Death In Blackburn
Roma couple in court over ‚Äėblonde girl‚Äô	Roma couple charged with abducting 'blonde angel'
China vows to step up fight against Dalai Lama	China vows to continue fight against terrorism
Pakistan air strikes in North Waziristan 'kill 80 militants'	Pakistan: Dozens killed in strikes on militants
Seamus Heaney, Irish Poet of Soil and Strife, Dies at 74	Seamus Heaney, Irish poet and Nobel winner, dies at 74
Egypt backs away from plan to dissolve Muslim Brotherhood	Mosque stormed as Egypt's generals plan to outlaw Muslim Brotherhood
KL shares easier mid-afternoon	KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist bloggers	Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers
Crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Eastern Ukraine	Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border
Suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central Somalia	Suicide bomber kills at least 4 in Kabul
Anthony Weiner slips to fourth place in new poll	Weiner falls to fourth in new NYC mayoral poll
Japanese prime minister angers neighbours with offering to WW2 shrine	Two Japanese ministers visit Yasukuni shrine
Iraqi Forces, Militants Battle for Oil Refinery	Iraqi forces, militants battle for Iraq refinery
Thousands protest against austerity budget in Portugal new	Thousands protest against austerity in Italy, Portugal
World Cup live blog: Brazil vs. Germany	World Cup live: France 0-0 Germany
Israeli airstrikes shake Gaza while Hamas persists with rocket attacks - video	Israel pounds Gaza as Hamas flexes rocket reach
America's first marijuana stores open in Colorado	World's first state-licensed marijuana retailers open doors in Colorado
Channel tragedy as fundraising swimmer dies a mile from French coast A woman who died while attempting to swim the English Channel for charity collapsed just one mile from the French coast.	Channel tragedy 'one mile from end' A British woman who died while attempting to swim the English Channel for charity collapsed just one mile from the French coast.
4 Dead After Cambodian Police Fire on Protesters	Three dead as Cambodian police open fire on protesters
India accuses China of crossing de facto border	Senate, House on collision course on border money
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'	Sudan frees Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy
US top diplomat Kerry's wife rushed to hospital	US Secretary of State John Kerry‚Äôs wife rushed to hospital
Conservatives sweep to Australia election victory	Conservative opposition wins Australian election
Hassan Rouhani wins Iran's presidential election	Maduro wins Venezuelan presidential vote
India govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night	India oil minister slammed for plan to shut petrol stations at night
Kerry pursuing 'quiet strategy' in Mideast peace process	Kerry meets Israeli leaders to push Mideast peace
Twin blasts rock Boston Marathon	Two bombs strike Boston marathon
Woman remanded over child's death A woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	Mother held over daughter's death A mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor	North Korea Offers Talks: Complex May Re-Open
Stocks close higher as service sector improves	Stocks edge higher as US service sector improves
Egyptian court considers Mubarak‚Äôs release	Egypt court orders Mubarak release
Suicide bomber kills eight, wounds 13 in Afghan capital - police	Suicide bomb kills 4 in Syrian capital's Old City
Israel not to release Palestinian prisoners	Israeli authorities raze Palestinian home in Arraba
Highlights of US-Russia deal on Syria weapons	US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons
Israel approves release of first group of Palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks	Israel boosts settlements, fuelling Palestinian fears
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed	One week later: Boston honors bombing victims; suspect unable to speak
More rain hampers Indian flood rescue	US tourist gang-raped in northern India: Police
Strong winter storm hits U.S. Northeast	Winter weather blasts U.S. northeast
A look at major terror attacks in East Africa	UN Security Council slams deadly terrorist attack in Kenyan capital
Survivor Could See Runway Through Hole in Tail	San Francisco plane crash: Survivor could see runway through hole in tail
Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire	Cyprus probes Ukraine assets
European Central Bank keeps rates unchanged	European Central bank keeps interest rate at 0.5%
Red-shirt leader calls not to oppose army	Oil rig spat: Beijing not to send army
Kim Jong-un Executed His 'Worse Than a Dog' Uncle	NKorea executes Kim Jong Un' uncle
Colourful support at World Cup in Brazil	Merkel to attend World Cup final
Russia praises idea to render rights assistance to Ukraine	Russia detains suspected Islamist militants in Moscow raid
Fatah endorses refusal to recognise Israel	Pakistan Denounces Latest Drone Attack
Attack kills 12 in Afghanistan	NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack
Chinese shares close lower Monday	Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Mandela remains in hospital	Mandela remains in 'intensive care'
South Korea Ferry Crew Members Stand Trial	Sewol ferry crew faces trial
Georgian PM's ally to become president - exit poll	Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
Egypt votes on new constitution	Egyptians Voting on New Constitution
World news briefs ‚ÄĒ June 14	World news briefs ‚ÄĒ compiled May 1
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
Vietnam detects signals from missing plane	China expands search area for missing plane
66 missing after boat sinks off Malaysia	61 people missing after boat sinks off Western Malaysia
Seven bomb blasts kill 27 people in Iraqi capital Baghdad	Car bombs kill 26 in Iraqi capital
Syria opposition pressed to attend talks	Syria opposition voices frustration with international backers
Cricket-England v Australia fourth test scoreboard	Cricket-England 155-4 v Australia, fourth test - tea
Birthday of DPRK to Be Celebrated in Peru	Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Year on Mars
Powerful 7.6 quake strikes off Solomons	Powerful 6.9 quake strikes off California coast
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 21	India Ink: Image of the Day: January 16
Storm chasers die in Oklahoma tornado	Storm Chasers Among Those Killed in Oklahoma
Viewpoints: Arming the Syrian rebels	EU states to decide on arming Syrian rebels
IMF cuts world growth forecast for 2013, 2014	Eurozone cuts growth forecast for 2014
Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote	Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote
Obama condemns Egypt violence, cancels military exercises	Pakistan condemns violence in Egypt
5 Dead in India Building Collapse	Death toll in India building collapse hits 42
Russia says detects missiles fired from Mediterranean Sea	Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean
Mickey Arthur fired as Australia coach	Darren Lehmann replaces Mickey Arthur as Australia's Ashes coach
MH17 black boxes arrive in Britain for analysis	MH17 crash: Black boxes arrive in the UK from Ukraine for analysis
Islamist students clash with police at Cairo's Al-Azhar University	At Least One Student Killed in Clashes With Police in Cairo
Argentina declares mourning for flood victims	Parents demands common forms for nursery admissions
Food poisoning kills at least 20 children in India	Baghdad cafe bombing kills at least 38
Prince's christening a blend of old and new	When is Prince George's christening? Baptism plan, royal baby's godparents and all the details
What the Papers Say, May 20, 2013	What the Papers Say, Nov. 19, 2013
China yuan weakens to 6.1651 against USD Tuesday	China yuan strengthens to 6.1767 against USD
Australia rejects Qantas' request for $2.7 bn loan	Australia rejects Qantas loan request
Malaysian investigators conclude flight hijacked	Malaysia Airlines: Investigators conclude Flight MH 370 hijacked
Google releases Nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat	Google redesigns search results on PCs
Egypt convicts 26 over Suez Canal terror plot	Egypt court acquits 155 arrested after Cairo protests
Bombing Aimed at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut	Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut
Kerry: Saudi King backs Israeli-Palestinian push	John Kerry Says Saudi King Abdullah Backs Israeli-Palestinian Push
Putin foe Navalny defiant as trial opens in Russia	Protest leader Navalny goes on trial in Russia
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood calls for 'uprising'	Egyptian Amb: Muslim Brotherhood Should 'Join the Process'
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, December 6, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday, October 8, 2013
U.S., allies to add sanctions against Russia over Ukraine	EU Slaps New Sanctions on Russia Over Ukraine
Car bombs kill at least 16 in Iraqi capital	Car bombs kill at least 47 in Baghdad area
US Issues Travel Alert Over Al Qaeda Threat	US issues global alert, citing Qaeda threats
Factories that ran on Korean cooperation go silent	North and South Korea break their silence with talks
Taliban attack presidential palace in Afghanistan	All gunmen in attack on Afghan presidential palace killed
Chinese premier meets Indian vice president	Hezbollah urges to elect new Lebanese president
Saudi Arabia gets a seat at the UN Security Council	Saudi Arabia rejects seat on UN Security Council
Southern Italy Coach Crash Kills 38	Death toll rises to 39 in Italy coach crash
Algerian president in France for medical tests	Algerian president in France for medical tests after minor stroke
3 killed, 10 inured in attack on Kenyan church	Gunmen kill two in attack on Kenyan church
Islamists still holding some 30 hostages as Kenya mall standoff continues	Death toll rises as Kenya mall siege continues
Manchester City wins second Premier League title in three years	Manchester City win English Premier League title
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan	US drone kills 16 in Pakistan
Bodies of MH17 crash victims flown to Netherlands	MH17 dead flown back to Netherlands
Egypt policeman killed in Sinai attack	Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai attack
Extension likely for Iran nuclear talks	Oil slips below $108 ahead of Iran nuclear talks
Fire kills 38 in Russian psychiatric institution	38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
5 snowboarders killed in Colo. avalanche identified	5 Snowboarders Killed in Colorado Avalanche
Egypt orders arrest of Brotherhood chief Badie	Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
Russia Warns It May Not Sign Landmark UN Arms Treaty	UN closes in on landmark arms treaty
Didier Reynders on Syria	Obama's day: Prime time on Syria
Google begins launching Internet-beaming balloons	Google launches internet-beaming balloons
North Korea: experts call for dialogue ‚Äď and say China must play a part	North Korea cuts last ties with South by barring joint industrial park
China stocks open higher Monday	China stocks close lower on Thursday
Obama postpones Malaysian visit to address government shutdown	Obama postpones Asia trip over govt shutdown
Sony Xperia Z2 and Nokia‚Äôs X series unveiled	Court orders political ban on Italy‚Äôs Berlusconi
Cannes hotel raid nets ‚ā¨40 million gems	Jewels worth ‚ā¨40m stolen in Cannes
Ukraine opposition urges continued truce	Ukraine opposition urges more stand-offs
Pro-Russian protesters storm new police station in east Ukraine	Pro-Russian Protesters Storm Police Station in Ukraine as Kiev Urges U.N. over unrest
New coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- WHO	WHO: New virus can probably pass person to person
Chinese stocks open higher Monday	Chinese shares close higher Monday
Mandela back in hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition	Nelson Mandela returns to hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition
24 killed 77 wounded in Iraq mosque bombing	At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing
East Harlem explosion death toll rises	Mexico storm death toll continues to rise
Search resumes for Malaysia jet	Search Resumes for Missing Malaysian Jet
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests	British Prime Minister condemns murder of teens
Royal Hoax DJ Takes Action Against Station	Taliban bombs US base in Afghanistan
UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt	Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt clashes
Arsenal v Stoke City ‚Äď live!	Tottenham v Manchester City ‚Äď live! 
Indonesians burn Australian flags over spying reports	Indonesia Confronts Australian Ambassador on Reports of Spying
Business news and markets: as it happened, April 17, 2013	Business news and markets: as it happened, June 20, 2013
Zoo worker dies after tiger attack	Indian-origin teacher dies after attack in New Zealand
Ariel Sharon, former Israeli prime minister, dies following eight-year coma	Ariel Sharon dies aged 85: Former Israeli Prime Minister passes away after organ failure following eight-year coma
China preparing for Diaoyutai conflict: expert	China seeking foreign counterterror experts
Israel cabinet votes on Palestinian prisoner release	Israel Approves Release of Palestinian Prisoners, Peace Talks
San Diego Mayor Bob Filner's accusers	Worker: San Diego Mayor Made Suggestive Comments
Germany to sign G20 statement on Syria	Germany backs G20 statement on Syria a day late
Iran, world powers begin new round of nuclear talks	Iran, world powers pledge new nuclear talks
36 militants killed in Afghan raids	35 militants killed in Afghan raids: official
10 Things to Know-Today	10 Things to Know for Tuesday
Oscar Pistorius trial: Adjourns until Tuesday	Oscar Pistorius' psychiatric evaluation to start Monday
Ukraine talks continue amid growing unrest	Ukraine faces more violence as ultimatum nears end
Israel Could Free Palestinian Prisoners Next Week	Israel to free Palestinian prisoners over Kerry talks
Roadside bombs kill 5 in Afghanistan	Roadside bomb wounds provincial governor in northern Afghanistan
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	Tropical Storm Karen weakens as it nears U.S. Gulf Coast
Protesters clash with police in Turkey	Protesters clash with riot police in Kiev
Coronation Street actor Michael Le Vell cleared of child rape claims	Coronation St star Le Vell cleared Coronation Street actor Michael Le Vell has been found not guilty by a jury of child sex offences.
Workers killed in India building collapse	76 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Six killed in drone strike in N Waziristan	12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack	10 die in attacks in Afghanistan
20 killed in bomb attack at Pakistani base	8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
North Korea fires three short-range missiles	N. Korea fires short-range missiles
Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am	FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 5.00pm
17 govt employees killed in Pakistan bus bombing	At least 78 killed in Pakistan church bombing
Car Bomb Kills 37 in Northwest Pakistan	Bomb kills three in northwest Pakistan
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing	Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing
Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs	Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul
Libyan prime minister seized by armed men	Libyan Prime Minister Reported Kidnapped By Armed Men
Malaysians vote in polls for stability or change	Malaysia elections: Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD	China yuan retreats to 6.1729 against USD Wednesday
Google launches Internet-beaming balloons	Google begins launching Internet-beaming balloons
Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China	Fire destroys Tibetan town in China
Yahoo agrees to buy Tumblr for $1.1 billion cash	Yahoo to Buy Tumblr for $1.1 Billion
India starts voting in world's largest election	India voters kick off world‚Äôs biggest election
Car bomb in northern Syria kills at least 12	Syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in Aleppo
Philippine quake death toll climbs to 73	Death toll in Philippines quake jumps to 85
Bangladesh police arrest prominent atheist blogger	Bangladesh police arrest 3 atheist bloggers
Shenzhen stock indices close higher Monday	Shenzhen stock indices close lower -- Oct. 31
Philippines, rebels reach wealth-sharing deal	Philippines and rebels reach 'wealth deal'
Texas senator still filibustering abortion bill	Texas senator filibusters against abortion bill
UK's Ex-Premier Margaret Thatcher Dies At 87	Margaret Thatcher Dies at 87
Turkish leaders call for int'l intervention in Egypt	Turkish FM slams military intervention in Egypt
Search ends for missing asylum-seekers	Search narrowed for missing man
Pro-Russian protesters storm new police station in east Ukraine	Pro-Russians protesters storm Donetsk prosecutor's office in eastern Ukraine
Ukrainian President orders 7-day ceasefire in the east	Uganda's President Museveni agrees to sign anti-gays Bill
At least 12 dead in Washington ...	At least 150 dead as strong quake hits southwest Balochistan
ICC Champions Trophy: India vs South Africa	Champions Trophy: India v South AfricaLive
Pope Francis to make first visit to Holy Land	Pope Francis announces first visit to Holy Land
Supreme Court takes on affirmative action in Michigan ban case	Supreme Court to hear Michigan affirmative action case
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 30	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Nov 21
Suicide bomber kills 15 in central Somalia	Suicide blast in central Somalia kills 15
Cyclone leaves trail of destruction in India	Cyclone Phailin evacuation kept Indian villagers alive
Taliban kill 15 police in west Afghanistan	US drone kills two in eastern Afghanistan
Thousands rally to support embattled Tunisia government	Thousands gather to support Islamist government in Tunisia
Prince Harry pays tribute to US war dead	US presidents pay tribute to Mandela
Afghan District Governor Defects To Taliban	Afghan politician defects to Taliban
South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital	Nelson Mandela taken to hospital
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon	Two explosions at Boston Marathon finish line
Stuntman prepares to cross Grand Canyon on tightrope	Wallenda to cross gorge near Grand Canyon on wire
At least two killed in southern Egypt clash	At least 18 killed in North Caucasus train station blast
Three killed, 21 injured in two road mishaps	3 killed, 24 injured in NW China coach blast
UK's Cameron seriously concerned by Gibraltar/Spain row	Cameron 'seriously concerned' over Gibraltar events
Winter Storm Ion: State-By-State...	Winter Storm Janus: State-by-State...
Main candidates in Afghanistan's presidential election	Voting ends in Afghanistan‚Äôs presidential and municipal elections
Car bombs kill nine in Baghdad province	Car bombs kill 54 in Shi'ite districts of Baghdad
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD	China yuan strengthens to 6.1542 against USD
Corpses Of 53 Men Found South Of Baghdad	Iraqi officials: 50 bodies found south of Baghdad
Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack	Soldiers killed by Lebanon car bomb
Rebels likely downed Malaysian jet 'by mistake' - U.S. officials	Rebels likely downed jet 'by mistake'
Pacquiao leaves for Samar to help typhoon victims	Boxing : Pacquiao spends night with Philippine typhoon victims
Bomb attacks kill 20 in Baghdad's Christian areas	Bombs Kill 35 in Baghdad Christian Area
China sets Bo Xilai trial date	China Bo Xilai trial in fourth day
UN launches US$300 mil. appeal for Philippines	UK sends warship to aid Philippines
Muslims prepare for start of Ramadan	Muslims pray for end to divisions
Violent Tornadoes Hit Oklahoma City, St. Louis...	Mile-wide tornado heads toward Oklahoma City
Japan scrambles jets against Russian military planes	Separatists down Ukraine military plane, several dead
Thousands of Britons claim dole in Germany	Thousands of white-clad Amsterdammers march for MH17
Obama's Tarnished Health Care Law at a Crossroads	Obama's tarnished health care law at a crossroads
Egypt military ousts President Morsi	Iran tries to prevent military strike on Syria
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	Suspected US drone targets Islamic seminary in Pakistan
Obama to sign up for Obamacare	Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
15 dead in Iraq attacks, bomb at football pitch	46 dead in Iraq attack blitz
Obama warns of new Russia sanctions	Ukraine threatens to seize Russian assets
Syria conference to open in Montreux, continue in Geneva	Long-delayed Syria peace talks to open in Montreux
General Electric posts 9% profit drop for third quarter	GE posts 9% profit drop for third quarter
Nigerian leader orders push to free abducted schoolgirls	Pressure mounts to free kidnapped girls
10 Things to Know: This Week's Takeaways	10 Things to Know for Today
China yuan weakens to 6.1535 against USD	China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
Israeli authorities hand out demolition orders in East Jerusalem	Israeli forces issue 4 demolition orders in Jerusalem
12 migrants drown off Greek island, gov't calls for EU action	Speech: The internet and pornography: Prime Minister calls for action
Putin opens Paralympics as protest staged	Putin opens Winter Paralympics
Israel 'bombs' Syria as envoy presses peace talks bid	Fierce clashes in east Syria as US pushes peace talks
Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial	Russia convicts dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
US soldier released by Taliban in prisoner swap	US soldier freed in Afghanistan, 5 Taliban prisoners leave Guantanamo
'Trayvon could have been me'	Trayvon Martin could have been ...
Myanmar arrests 44 over sectarian violence	Ban Warns Syria Strikes Could Worsen Sectarian Violence
Louis Zamperini, 'Unbroken' World War II hero, Olympian, dies at 97	U.S. war hero Louis Zamperini, inspiration for 'Unbroken,' dead at 97
China sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands	China ships enter waters off disputed islands
Bank of England keeps interest rates on hold	Bank of England keeps low interest rates to support economy new
US, Russia enter third day of Syria talks	US and Russia agree Syria arms deal in Geneva
North Korea claims ‚Äėbreakthrough‚Äô guided missile	N. Korea hails test of 'breakthrough' guided missile
Kerry's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 Palestinian inmates	Kerry plan to include prisoner release, settlement freeze
Police: Explosion in Belfast Cathedral Quarter	Explosion in Kabul a suicide attack in diplomatic area
Microsoft finally unveils Office for Apple's iPad	Microsoft And Office In A Multi-Platform World
Turkish police fire tear gas on protesters	Turkish police fire tear gas as Kurds protest against Syria wall
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok	Police 'fire teargas at protesters' in Tunisia
Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris, Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria	Turkey's Erdogan in Iran to mend ties after split over Syria
Egypt Mubarak ordered under house arrest if freed	Egypt's Mubarak to be released, put under house arrest
Prime Minister to seek nuclear deal, investments during Japan visit	Manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with Japan
US postpones missile test over N Korea tensions	Embassies staying put in N. Korea despite tension
Obama to meet privately with family of Nelson Mandela	Obama to meet with Mandela family
At least six dead in US shooting rampage	At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
Margaret Thatcher: Kinnock To Miss Funeral	Margaret Thatcher's funeral procession underway
Prince William addresses Australian parliament video	Royal visit: Prince William and Catherine visit Parliament in Canberra tour
Two hurt in Bangkok shooting	Two hurt in US school shooting
Gunmen kill 10 in Philippine political violence	Five killed in Philippines volcano eruption
At Least 14 Killed in Baghdad Bombings	At least 40 killed by 11 Baghdad car bombs
Israel downs drone from Lebanon	Israel shoots down drone from Lebanon
'One unaccounted for' in San Francisco plane crash	Two killed in San Francisco plane crash 'were Chinese'
European stocks slide on tension over Syria	Stock futures slide on Syria tension, J.C. Penney shares fall
Iran official: US visa denial to Iranian envoy will not affect nuke talks	Iranian negotiator upbeat about latest nuclear talks
Everest avalanche kills six sherpas	Everest avalanche kills 12 guides
Israel approves release of first group of Palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks	Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks
Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary	Violent clashes mark anniversary of Egypt uprising
Rupert Murdoch divorces third wife	News Corp.'s Rupert Murdoch files for divorce from wife Wendi
Australia cuts rates to record low	Australia cuts interest rates to record low
NATO: 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan	Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern Afghanistan
Interim Libyan prime minister to step down	Violence forces Libya Prime Minister to step down
MEP candidate killed in Kabul blast	IMF rep among 14 killed in Kabul blast
Conmen dressed as women steal cash	CCTV: York conmen dress as women to trick pensioners
Sisi sworn in as Egypt's president, cool reception from West	El-Sissi Inaugurated as Egypt's President
Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro Found Hanged in Prison Cell	Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro found hanging in his cell
Russia drops charges against Greenpeace activists	Russia to file piracy charges against Greenpeace
Syria opposition unity take face specter of collapse	Syria divided opposition struggles within wider Syrian struggle
Google Unveils Prototype Self-Driving Car	Google Unveils Concept Self-Driving Car
Bangladesh garment factory fire 'kills 8'	Bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149
Fierce clashes in east Syria as US pushes peace talks	Clashes rage in Syria as US pushes peace talks
Syria opposition votes to join peace talks	Syria offers concessions ahead of Geneva peace talks
US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal	Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal
Video shows Kenya jihadis casually killing in mall	Security video shows Kenyan soldiers looting mall
Ukraine hosts ‚Äėunity talks‚Äô	Pope hits out at ‚Äėwar to sell arms‚Äô in Syria
Death toll rises in Dhaka building collapse	Death toll hits 72 in Mumbai building collapse
Gov'ts, groups pledge millions for typhoon relief	Canada promises $5-million in typhoon relief
Senior official investigated over suspected disciplinary violations	China's head of state assets regulator under probe for "discipline violation"
Pakistan power crisis looms large over polls	Pakistan power crisis looms large over election
China HSBC manufacturing PMI hits seven-month low in February	Manufacturing hits seven-month low in China
Lebanon Clashes Rage Overnight; 12 Soldiers Dead	Lebanon clashes rage near mosque; 16 soldiers dead
Mother-of-two, 25, found dead in her home by ex-boyfriend as police launch murder inquiry	Mother-of-two, 25, found dead in her home by relatives as police name hunt for ex-boyfriend after launching murder inquiry
Greece suspends state broadcaster	Greece to close state broadcaster to save money
Pakistan's Musharraf Under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination	Pakistan's Musharraf arrives at court for first time
10 Things to Know for Today	10 Things to Know for Wednesday
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief	Syria's Muslim Brotherhood faces uphill battle
Developing nations: Qatar insists on World Cup promise	Fresh corruption claims on Qatar World Cup
Guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide	Guatemala's former leader found guilty of genocide
Red panda‚Äôs short-lived zoo escape	India‚Äôs march to Mars
Israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding Palestinian prisoners	Israel's West Bank control 'costing Palestinian economy billions'
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday	Chinese shares rally Wednesday
Syrian mortars land in Golan, Israel retaliates	Syrian mortars land in Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, Israel retaliates
Toyota, Honda, Nissan and Mazda recall 3 million Japanese cars after airbag fault	Toyota, 3 other Japan carmakers to recall 3.4m vehicles over airbag
Many dead in India hotel building collapse	Six dead, dozens trapped in Indian building collapse
Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Historic Sales	Washington pot shops prepare for historic sales
Somalia gang rape victim speaks out	Somalia gang rape victim accuses AU force
Rio airport workers strike on eve of FIFA World Cup	Rio de Janeiro airport workers strike on eve of World Cup
International forensic teams join Kenyan mall carnage probe	Arrested Briton 'not significant' to Kenya attack probe
Son of top Muslim Brotherhood leader killed	Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
6.3-magnitude quake hits Kepulauan Barat Daya, Indonesia -- USGS	5.2-magnitude quake hits Papua, Indonesia
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons	US says Syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
Fatalities after Texas fertiliser plant blast	Additional aid approved for Texas fertilizer plant blast
Hot-Air Balloon Catches Fire in Virginia	Hot Air Balloon 'Catches Fire And Crashes'
Mourinho blames Moyes for Rooney saga	Mourinho to take Round 1
Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	World unites for Mandela memorial
Mumbai Indians puts T&T in its place	Indonesians vote for president in tight race
China stock index futures close higher Wednesday	China stock index futures open mixed Friday
KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon	KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
China quake: Death toll rises	Anger in Dhaka as death toll climbs
What the Papers Say, Nov. 20, 2013	What the Papers Say, Oct. 10, 2013
3 killed, 6 injured in Afghan blasts	Three killed, six injured in Afghan blasts
2 Turkish pilots abducted in Lebanon	2 Turkish airline pilots kidnapped by gunmen in Lebanon
Amazon launches new device for streaming video	Amazon unveils new Fire TV streaming video box
Palestinian President Receives Jordanian Foreign Minister	Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls
Strong earthquake hits Papau New Guinea	Strong earthquake felt in Los Angeles
Israel's ex-PM Ariel Sharon dies	Former Israeli Prime Minister Sharon dies
China urges Japan to respect regional security concerns	China urges Japan to maintain regional peace
Obama nominates new transportation secretary	Obama To Meet Embattled Veterans Secretary
China yuan weakens to 6.1059 against USD	China yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against USD Friday
Huge tornado kills at least 51 in Oklahoma City	Huge tornado strikes near Oklahoma City
Rock-throwers cause damage to Israeli cars near Bethlehem	6 injured in clashes with Israeli forces near Bethlehem
French raid wine cellar for austerity auction	US praises Ukraine deal; calls for concrete action
Obama signs law aimed at barring Iran UN envoy	Obama urges no new sanctions on Iran
US, Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapons	Syrian rebels skeptical of chemical weapons deal
Beaten Florida teen released in Israel	Palestinian teen dies of wounds sustained in Israeli shooting
Lebanese rivals groups edge closer to deal over premiership	Cambodian rivals edge closer to deal over disputed poll
Five people jailed over Costa Concordia disaster	five men sentenced for costa concordia shipwreck disaster
S Korea MPs to visit Kaesong complex	S. Korea demands talks with N. Korea on closed factory
Deal on Iran nuclear drive from Jan 20	Deal curbing Iran nuclear drive to take effect Jan 20
Algerian priest to lecture about Christian heritage in N. Africa	Telstra applies to list China site in NY
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on April 5	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on August 18
Implications of Palestinian reconciliation	Belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation
Fire in Russian psychiatric hospital kills 38	38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
Hijacker arrested after plane lands at Geneva Airport	Hijacked aircraft lands in Geneva
PCB appoints Waqar Younis as head coach	Waqar Younis back as Pakistan coach
US makes case for action against Syria	Saudi Urges U.N. Action against Israel Strikes on Syria
France provides image of possible debris	Malaysia: France has images of possible jet debris
Four killed in Baghdad car bomb	Nine killed in Baghdad car bomb attacks
Ankara protesters clash with police	Peru protesters clash with police
Alibaba files for IPO in US	Alibaba files for New York IPO
DPRK leader calls for better ties with S.Korea	North Korea urges foreigners to leave South Korea
49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
Iraq Holds First Election Since US Pullout	Iraq holds first polls since US pullout as attacks rise
Iran, sextet to resume expert talks	Iran upbeat on 'useful' expert-level nuke talks
Puerto Rican arrested for production of child pornography	Indian guru arrested on suspicion of rape
Ukraine signs EU trade pact as Russia finalizes Crimea annexation	Ukraine's top court dismisses Crimea's independence as "unconstitutional"
U.S. steps up support for Syrian opposition	UN urges support for Syria opposition
Bangladesh collapse search over; death toll 1,127	Bangladesh collapse deaths top 620
Gunmen abduct Iran embassy employee in Yemen	Gunmen abduct Iranian embassy worker in Yemen
Chinese, Russian FMs exchange opinions on Ukraine crisis	Chinese president arrives in Argentina for state visit
Bernanke comments keep markets on steady rise	Bernanke stimulus boost to markets
Bomb in southern Afghan city kills at least 5	Blast in popular Baghdad coffee shop kills at least 15
Assad warns Turkey of 'heavy price' for backing Syrian rebels	Cabinet at war over arming Syrian rebels
Afghan president to soon visit Pakistan	Afghan president to press for delay in US deal
Indian stocks close lower	Hong Kong stocks close 2.33% higher
Iran nuclear impasse to dominate IAEA board meeting	Iran nuclear impasse to dominat...
19 killed, 42 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq
Indian rape accused face verdicts	Indian rape accused found guilty
Syrian Opposition Mulls Participation in Peace Talks	Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks
Poll: Cory Booker takes early lead for N.J. Senate	Nigella Lawson 'took cocaine every day for a decade'
Car bomb kills at least 30 north of Syrian capital	Car bomb kills at least 10 in central Syria
Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks	Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute
Egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army	Labor ministry announcement due on Monday
Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial	Snowden sees "no chance" to get fair trial in U.S.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 30	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 6
Dozens injured in Connecticut train collision	Indian minister killed in head-on collision
New Orleans police arrest second suspect in Mother's Day parade shooting	Brothers arrested in Mother's Day parade shooting
Blast on Indian train kills one	State: No funds for yeshiva that incites violence
Hong Kong stocks open higher	Hong Kong stocks close 0.72% higher
Queen visits Britain's new prince	Queen meets Britain's new baby prince
Egypt‚Äôs Sisi poised to announce presidency bid	Egypt‚Äôs Sisi paves way for presidential bid
Microsoft earnings hurt by Nokia acquisition	Microsoft sees end to Nokia losses, shares rise after hours
Biden warns 'it's time for Russia to stop talking and start acting' in Ukraine	Biden: Time for Russia to 'stop talking and start acting' to reduce tension in Ukraine
US to deploy Patriots, F-16s to Jordan	Jordan: US Deploying Patriots, F-16s
Ukraine: Three Killed In Parliament Protests	Ukraine President Calls Talks To End Protests
Chinese president meets UN chief	Chinese vice president meets U.S. delegation
Ride operator charged in N.C. fair accident	N.C. State Fair ride operator arrested after accident
EU foreign ministers to discuss Egypt violence	EU foreign ministers to discuss Egypt on Wednesday
Saudi pushes UN resolution on Syria abuse	Cameron pushes U.N. resolution on Syrian chemical arms
Tunisia suspended from Davis Cup for shunning Israeli tennis player	Tunisia suspended from Davis Cup for refusing to play Israeli
Egypt says Brotherhood leader in good health in jail	Egypt Brotherhood deputy leader Shater arrested
Transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of South Korean ferry	Transcript Reveals Confusion Over Ferry Evacuation
Fallen US firefighters brought home	Wall Street ends slightly lower
Egypt court acquits 169 Brotherhood supporters	Egypt court sentences 100 Brotherhood backers
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference	Russia: Syria Agrees to Participate in Conference
Aung San Suu Kyi makes presidential push	Aung San Suu Kyi for president in 2015?
UK vote rejects military action	Britain rejects Syria military action
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage	New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
Desmond Tutu pays final respects to Mandela	South Africa prepares to bury Mandela
Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct	Singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher
South Korea proposes talks with North	South Korea Says Talks With North Scrapped
Venezuelan president to visit China	Senegalese president to visit China
Five jailed over Costa Concordia shipwreck disaster	Five staff jailed over Costa Concordia shipwreck
Cairo protesters defy crackdown threat	In Cairo Camps, Protesters Dig in and Live On
Missing plane search turns to Vietnamese islands	Missing Malaysia Airlines plane 'crashes off Vietnam'
NATO soldier killed in Taliban attack	Five soldiers killed in Yemen attack
Iran threatens to trigger oil price war	Man admits threatening to kill Prince Harry
Official of Malaysia Airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress	Malaysia Airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight
Stars pay tribute to Cory Monteith	Stars pay tribute to James Garner
Senior official investigated over suspected disciplinary violations	China Investigates Head of Supervisory Commission
Manchester United Ticket Sales And Profit Down	Manchester United owner Malcolm Glazer dies at 85
Los Angeles airport worker charged with making 9/11 threats	Los Angeles airport worker charged over 9/11 threats
Army, government at loggerheads over Taliban talks	Pakistani army, government at loggerheads over Taliban talks
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood's top leader	Egypt Arrests Muslim Brotherhood Supporters Under Terror Law
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, August 23, 2013
Solar plane lands in Washington on US tour	Solar-powered plane lands near Washington
Pro-Russian rebels shoot down Ukrainian plane, 49 killed	Ukraine Rebels shoot down plane carrying 49
Spain's new king Felipe VI sworn in in muted ceremony	King Felipe VI to be sworn in as Spain‚Äôs royals look to a new era
Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to 2014 World Cup finals	Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup
Israel to free Palestinian prisoners over Kerry talks	Israel Agrees to Free 104 Palestinian Prisoners as Part of Possible Deal to Restart Peace Talks
U.S. soldier free after almost five years captivity in Afghanistan	US soldier freed after 5 years in captivity in Afghanistan
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing	China news agency says Malaysia Airlines plane lost contact over Vietnam
Neymar powers Brazil into last 16	Neymar powers Brazil into World Cup last 16
Ukraine to implement unilateral ceasefire	Ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire
Britain's Prince Philip set for 'exploratory' surgery	UK's Prince Philip hospitalized
Japan starts hearing on sales tax, ex-bank deputy urges gradual rise	Japan starts hearings on proposed tax hike
Malaysia sets date for landmark elections	Malaysia PM set for general election
Three bomb attacks kill six soldiers, one civilian	School bomb attack kills two in southern Thailand
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	Five Libyan soldiers killed in Benghazi clashes
Stones add second Hyde Park concert	Rolling Stones add second Hyde Park date
Italian pilgrims die in bus plunge	Passengers dead in Italy bus plunge
North Korea urges US to take 'real actions'	North Korea urges US to take ‚Äėreal actions‚Äô
New Australian PM Tony Abbott on his bike awaiting final vote count	Australian PM-elect Tony Abbott gets to grips with his new job
What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013	What the Papers Say, Dec. 30, 2013
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane bound for Beijing‚Äď live	Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing
US consumers boost spending 0.2 pct. last month	Consumer spending up 0.2 percent in May
Scorpions drummer in Dubai jail for 'insulting Islam'	Scorpions drummer jailed in Dubai for ‚Äėinsulting Islam‚Äô
5 nations meet on haze	Putin's marriage at an end
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan	Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan
U.S. to release info about Syria‚Äôs chemical weapons use	US believes Syria used chemical weapons but says facts needed
Pakistan troops move against Taliban	Pakistani Army Starts Offensive Against Militants
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks	At least 60 die in Iraq prison attack
Westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi	Westgate attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi, says official
U.N. Security Council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza	U.N. Security Council Calls for Unconditional Cease-Fire in Gaza
Toronto mayor Rob Ford in extraordinary crack cocaine confession	Toronto Mayor Rob Ford denies crack cocaine allegations
6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC	6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts Taiwan: CENC
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday	Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Car Bombs Kill 58 in Iraqi Capital	Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital
Foreign companies eye new 'opening-up'	More carriers likely in China
Ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Senior Taliban leader arrested in S. Afghan operation	4 Taliban members arrested in night raid operation: Afghan police
Canadian freight train blast death toll hits three, to rise	Canadian government 'monitoring' train blast situation
Diana Nyad making progress on Cuba to Florida swim	Diana Nyad completes historic Cuba-Florida swim
US sends military advisers to Iraq	US deploys military advisers to Somalia
U.S. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage	Fast-food workers strike for higher pay
North Korea fires 18 rockets into Sea of Japan	N. Korea test-fires 16 rockets into sea
Nigel Farage calls on Government to let Syrian refugees into UK	'No plans' to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK
Syrian opposition to meet over peace talks	Syrian opposition: won't attend peace talks unless goal is Assad's exit
Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks	Gonsalves keeps up pressure on Dom Rep
Australia to lead southern search for MH370	Australia PM Abbott warns of lengthy search for MH370
British leader loses vote on Syria response	Cameron loses parliamentary vote on Syria military action
China yuan weakens to 6.1651 against USD Tuesday	China yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against USD Thursday
All eyes on new Pak army chief Raheel Sharif	Flood alerts in France as river levels rise
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday	China yuan weakens to 6.1510 against USD
Nineteen wounded in shootings at Mother‚Äôs Day parade in New Orleans	Police vow to solve shootings of 19 in New Orleans
Thai protesters disrupt early voting for disputed election	Thai protest leader shot dead outside polling station
Israeli forces detain 18, injure Bethlehem teen	Israeli forces shoot, injure Bethlehem teenager
Radio: Israel set to increase Palestinian prisoner release	US: Israel to delay Palestinian prisoner release
Morsi's supporters reject plan	Morsi supporters march in Egypt
Austrians Vote in General Election	Algerians Vote in Presidential Election
Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources	Turkish PM tells supporters to prepare for rallies
Obama condemns killing of 3 Israeli teens	Bodies of missing Israeli teens found in West Bank
Demonstrator's death stirs protests in Turkey	Fresh clashes erupt in Turkey
Explosion in a Muslim Brotherhood leader's farm in Egypt kills 4	Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
Syrian rebels target military airports	Syrian troops confront fierce attacks by rebels in military airport
Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears	Australia spied on Indonesia president: reports
Toronto mayor Rob Ford in extraordinary crack cocaine confession	Toronto Mayor Rob Ford: Claim he tried to buy crack video 'an outright lie'
China quake leaves dozens dead	China quake kills at least 179
Woman arrested in connection with damage of sculpture at Changi Airport	Woman arrested for intrusion into Kinetic Rain sculpture at Changi Airport T1
Ukraine protesters rebuild barricades	Putin speaks on Ukraine, protesters rebuild barricades
Kerry Returns to Vietnam's Mekong Delta as Top U.S. Diplomat	Kerry Returns to Vietnam, Now as Top US Diplomat
Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourns a comedy favourite	Griff Rhys Jones: Mel Smith was 'a force for life'
Three dead, 63 hurt as New York buildings collapse	Two dead, nine hurt in French building collapse
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday	Chinese stocks close lower Thursday
Syrian opposition to meet over peace talks	Syrian Opposition Splintered Ahead of Peace Talks
Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan
India Ink: Image of the Day: July 2	India Ink: Image of the Day: March 4
Boeing 777 plane crash-lands at San Francisco airport	Plane crash lands at San Francisco airport
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden offered asylum in Venezuela	NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden offered asylum by Venezuela, Nicaragua and now Bolivia
Nigerian military claims killing of top extremist	Nigerian military says no foreign operation by allies
UN passes global arms trade treaty	U.N. to regulate global arms trade
Israeli army kills Palestinian in Ramallah	Israeli airstrike wounds two Palestinian activists in Gaza
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 killed in Afghanistan	Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan, Afghanistan
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Iraq cafe	Suicide Bomber Kills 15 in Northern Iraq
Pakistan condemns US drone strikes	Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Shawal Area
SC's ex-Gov. Sanford wins runoff, will face Colbert Busch	SC's ex-Gov. Sanford clears hurdle in comeback bid
Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties	Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt
Nelson Mandela remains in critical condition	SA President: Mandela 'remains in a critical condition'
Eight Killed in Iraq Violence	6 killed in Iraq's violence
Court overturns murder conviction of former FBI agent linked to mobster	Florida appeals court overturns murder conviction of former FBI agent
51 killed, 191 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	35 killed, 138 wounded in wave of attacks in Iraq
Russian coal mines seek new outlets in China	Russian foreign minister to meet UN chief
Aust shares edge higher	Aust shares close higher
White House on offensive to thwart Iran sanctions	Wall Street rises on proposal to avert Syria strikes
Ukraine‚Äôs pro-Russia protesters demand greater autonomy	Sudanese protesters demand the regime's ouster
Iraq army fights to retake Tikrit	Iraq army claims victory in Tikrit
Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria	Democrats Face Divide Over a Strike on Syria
Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours	Israel, Hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce
Death toll rises to 51 in Latvian supermarket collapse	Death toll hits 63 in Mumbai building collapse
Bearded Drag Queen Wins Eurovision Song Contest	Austria's 'bearded lady' wins Eurovision Song Contest
Fire at South Korean bus terminal kills 5	S Korea bus station fire kills seven
Israel to free Palestinian prisoners as deal to resume peace talks emerges	Israel to release Palestinian prisoners
Obama calls for calm after Zimmerman acquittal in Martin case	Obama calls for calm after Zimmerman acquittal; protests held
North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor	North Korea to restart Yongbyon nuclear reactor
Firefighters battle raging California wildfire	Firefighters make ‚Äėexcellent‚Äô progress in battling massive California wildfire
Bomber strikes near Pakistan army HQ	Bombing Outside Restaurant in Pakistan Wounds 15
Brazilians throng streets to greet pope	In Brazil, thousands turn out to greet Pope Francis
Four civilians, three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Pressure rises on White House over Benghazi	Pressure rises on White House over Benghazi talking points
One killed, 40 injured in Mexico candy factory blast	Three killed, 21 injured in two road mishaps
UN voices alarm over Israeli strikes on Syria	Israeli official confirms second air strike at Syria
China eases one-child policy	China formalizes easing of one-child policy
Early vote count in Iran gives reformer wide lead	Iran vote count gives Rowhani wide lead
Protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution	Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ
Tokyo stocks open down 0.24%	Tokyo stocks open up 0.52%
Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer	Australia: Australia hands asylum-seekers back to Sri Lanka
Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April	Cryptic crossword - Saturday 20th April
Shankill blast victims to be remembered	Crocodile victim's body recovered
Afghan landslide toll 2,000, site may become massive grave	Afghan landslide death toll unlikely to rise above 500
Typhoon Haiyan kills 1,774 in Philippines	Typhoon Haiyan: 195mph winds batter Philippines
118 people killed in twin blasts in Nigeria	Ten killed in new blast in Russia
Iranian, Afghan ministers confer	British, Iranian foreign ministers to meet at UN
North Korea fires missiles as U.S., Japan, South Korea leaders meet	North Korea missile threat: latest
Glee star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room in Canada	'Glee' star Cory Monteith found dead
Egypt announces end to state of emergency	Egypt declares month-long state of emergency
Nigerian gunmen kill groom, 30 others in wedding convoy	Nigeria official: Gunmen kill 30 in wedding convoy
Croatia begins countdown to historic EU entry	Croatia countdowns to joining EU
Yolanda death toll climbs to 3,621	Kenya Red Cross says death toll rises to 68
Tokyo stocks close up 0.13pc	Tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down
Pyongyang proposes weekend talks with Seoul	Pyongyang prepares for next nuclear test - media
Five People Charged With Terror Offences	British Police Charge Two Men with Terror Offences
Palestinian diplomat hurt in blast	Palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster	Five dead, 40 missing in Canad...
Iran says ready for fresh round of nuclear talks	Iran's Khamenei renews support for nuclear talks
Clashes continue between police and protesters in Turkey	Turkish police fight protesters, clear square
Those refused medical cards urged to contact HSE	HSE boss defends medical-card plan
World‚Äôs largest building opened in west China	Italy‚Äôs centre-left splinters in presidential vote
Fire At Immigration Detention Centre	Fire at privately run immigration detention centre
Hassoun to Mauritanian delegation: conspiracy imposed on Syria targets its stances, particularly over Palestine	Mufti : conspiracy aginst Syria targets its stances, particularly towards Palestine
Singapore stocks close 0.7 pct higher	Singapore stocks end up 0.16 pct
Israeli lightly hurt by stones in West Bank	Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank raid
Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49	Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
Hong Kong set for democracy march	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve	US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
Tehran-London ties to improve, Afkham	Tehran-London ties to improve
Syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks	Syria opposition pressed to attend talks
Suicide attack kills eight in Baghdad	Suicide attacks kill 24 people in Baghdad
Up to 19 firefighters missing in Arizona	Wild fire kills 19 firefighters in Arizona
Poverty stats doubt Modi's development claims	GM to start taking recall compensation claims Aug 1
Pro-Russia rebels to hold vote in Ukraine	Syria rebels: We killed Hezbollah men in Lebanon
Georgians vote for new president	Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
Facts about North Korea's Musudan missile	North Korea fires another missile
MERS respiratory illness found in U.S., officials confirm	First case of MERS, a SARS-like respiratory illness, reported in North America
On War Criminals and Heroes: The Whitewashing of Ariel Sharon ŔÄ	On war criminals and heroes: The whitewashing of Ariel Sharon
Obama to meet with China‚Äôs Xi in California June 7-8	Obama to meet Ukrainian prime minister at White House
EU declares Hezbollah's military wing terror group	EU puts Hezbollah military wing on terror list
Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal	Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal
US drone strike 'kills 4 militants in Pakistan'	Suspected US Drone Kills 2 Militants in Pakistan
Protests for kidnapped girls banned in Nigerian capital	Scores 'killed' in Boko Haram raid in Nigeria
Germany welcomes Iran nuclear agreement	Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal
Prominent AIDS researchers killed in Malaysian plane crash	Top AIDS Researcher Killed in Malaysia Plane Crash
What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013	What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013
Wing walker, pilot die in biplane crash at Ohio air show	Two killed in small plane crash at U.S. air show
Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan	Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
Ukraine protest leaders name ministers, Russian troops on alert	Ukraine says it will not bow to Russian "provocations" in Crimea
Two French journalists killed in Mali	Two French journalists killed after Mali kidnapping
2 Indian traders stranded in China sent back home	46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home
Asian shares higher on Fed signs	Asian shares climb ahead of Fed decision
Letter with ricin sent to senator	Reid: Letter with ricin or poison sent to senator
California governor declares drought emergency	California governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn
Peace talks with Palestinians would take months: Israel official	3yo Palestinian girl killed in Israeli raid
17:02 23 killed in Iraq car bombings	11 children killed in Syria bombings
China yuan weakens to 6.1559 against USD	China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday
Two dead, more trapped in latest Mumbai building collapse	Two are trapped as US building collapses
Air strikes kills dozens in northern Syria	Ukraine will not give 'an inch' over Crimea
Israelis and Palestinians aim to negotiate a 'final' peace deal after positive talks	Israeli army kills 3 Palestinian militants in West Bank clashes
Man United Says Moyes Leaves as Manager	Man United hires Moyes to replace Ferguson
Chinese tourist abducted from Malaysia	China returns 10 children abducted from Vietnam
Tropical Storm Barry forms off Mexico's coast, bringing heavy rain as it heads toward Veracruz	Tropical Storm Barry weakens, dumps rain on Mexico
Japanese politician apologizes for sex comment	Japan mayor apologizes to U.S., denies wrong words on "comfort women"
4 killed, 6 injured in attacks in Iraq	43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq
UN inspectors hail progress over Syria chemical weapons	U.S. has not concluded Syria used chemical weapons -White House
US diplomat killed in Afghanistan wanted to help	US diplomat killed in Afghanistan worked with John Kerry
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down	Egypt's arrest of Muslim Brotherhood supreme guide brings ban closer
Iran‚Äôs Rouhani admits chemical weapons killed people in Syria	Probe alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria
Two arrests made after protest against Nigel Farage	Kerry vows progress after latest intensive Mideast trip
Blast near Iranian consulate in Peshawar kills one	Suicide attack at Iranian consulate in Peshawar kills two
Gunmen kill 15 Libyan soldiers	Gunmen kill 3 Lebanese troops near Syria
Pictures show completed Costa Concordia operation	Timelapse of Costa Concordia operation
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day	Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
Texas Won't Switch Execution Drug	Texas won't switch execution drug
Twitter shares rocket at opening	Twitter shares rocket as trading begins
Pakistan‚Äôs Musharraf granted bail	Former Pakistani dictator Musharraf granted bail
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am	FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 9 a.m.
Super typhoon hits Taiwan, Philippines	Super Typhoon Whips Philippines and Taiwan then Heads for China
Scores dead, 1,000 injured in China earthquake	Dozens dead, 1,000 injured in China quake
China reports 5 new H7N9 cases, 33 total	E China reports 4 new H7N9 cases
Australian PM Kevin Rudd calls election for 7 September	Australian PM Rudd calls Sept. 7 poll
Suicide Bomber Kills 15 in Northern Iraq	Suicide car bomb kills 12 in northern Iraq
Rudd sworn in as Australian PM	Rudd sworn in as Australia's new Prime Minister
Iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week	UK: Iran nuclear talks at a serious point
Yemen officials: US drone kills 2 militants	Yemen drone strike kills militants
Indian sub sinks with 18 on board	Indian submarine explodes with 18 sailors on board
Susan Boyle reveals she has Asperger‚Äôs	Susan Boyle tells British paper she has Asperger's
Bangkok tense on Thai election eve	Bangladesh: Crackdown Escalates Ahead of Election
Israel calls Iran nuclear deal 'historic mistake'	Breakthrough deal curbs Iran's nuclear activity
Chinese stocks open lower Thursday	China stocks close lower on Thursday
Israel Forces Kill 2 Palestinian Militants	Israeli army kills Palestinian militant in raid
China ‚Äėwill protect interests‚Äô of foreign business	Obama in ‚Äėdirect‚Äô confrontation with Putin on Ukraine
Death toll 'rises to 17' after typhoon strikes Japan	Death Toll Rises to 84 in Pakistan Floods
Ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire	Ukraine's Poroshenko declares ceasefire
Silvio Berlusconi's tax fraud conviction upheld	Berlusconi lashes out at tax fraud conviction
D.C. Votes to Decriminalize Marijuana	DC votes to decriminalize pot
Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia	Mandela spends third day in hospital
Obama says Korean War veterans ‚Äėdeserved better‚Äô	Obama: Korean War vets ‚Äėdeserve better‚Äô
6 policemen killed in gunmen attack in northern Iraq	3 Egyptian policemen killed by gunmen in Cairo attack
North Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	North Korean intrigue: The execution of power
Russia offers assurances on Syrian chemical weapons removal	Russia says Syria to remove chemical weapons this month
Margaret Thatcher dies after stroke	Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Chinese president arrives in Netherlands for state visit, nuclear summit	Chinese president arrives in Venezuela for state visit
NATO soldier killed in Taliban attack	Four soldiers killed in Yemen
Israel sanctions Palestinians in new blow to peace talks	Israel to release Palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks
UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt	Sky News Cameraman Killed In Egypt
Gunmen kill nine foreign tourists, guide in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
Rudd sworn in as Australia's new prime minister	Rudd to be sworn in as Australian prime minister
Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital	Protests Continue In Ukraine's Capital
Stocks rise in early trading	Stocks inch higher in early trading
FBI audio expert testifies in Zimmerman trial	Jury selection begins in Zimmerman's trial
Brazil Buzzing With Anticipation for Pope Francis	Brazil crowds greet Pope Francis
Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November	Iran nuclear talks extended to November 24
Egypt police fail to start operation to disperse pro-Mursi camps	Egypt postpones dispersing pro-Morsi protest camps
Two French journalists killed after Mali kidnapping	Two French journalists abducted, killed in Northern Mali
Bangladesh building collapse death toll passes 600: army	Bangladesh building collapse death toll tops 1,000
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 14	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 29
Boston bombing suspect to appear in court	Boston bombing suspect buried
Iran warns of spillover of possible war on Syria	Iranian Delegation Heads to Lebanon, Syria
Death toll in India building collapse hits 42	Toll from India building collapse hits 25
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai	Ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai
Ukraine's Tymoshenko urges protesters to carry on	Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks	At least 8 injured in large Boston blaze
Obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs	US stocks retreat on manufacturing data
Five charged with terrorism offences	Five People Charged With Terror Offences
President Obama reveals plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2016	US Government Shutdown: Obama tells Republicans to lift threat to US economy if they want talks
US, NATO Raise Doubts Russia Pulled Back from Ukraine Border	No Sign of Russian Withdrawal From Ukraine Border, Official Says
Former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf arrested again	Former Pakistan military ruler Pervez Musharraf granted bail
Teen survives flight across Pacific in plane wheel well	Teen survives five-hour flight to Hawaii 'in airplane wheel well'
Rahul compares Modi with Hitler	Rahul Gandhi compares Narendra Modi to Hitler
Arsenal stars poised to wear T-shirts in support Pat Rice's fight against cancer	Arsenal great Rice in hospital with cancer
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am	FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 3.00pm
27 dead, 22 injured in Afghanistan coal mine collapse	One injured in Methodist Church building collapse
India's election campaign enters final day	Bitterly fought India election campaign enters final day
46 nurses from India freed in Iraq return home	46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home
Sisi to run for Egyptian president	Egypt's draft constitution goes to interim president
Abdullah Abdullah widens lead in Afghan presidential vote	Halfway through: Abdullah Abdullah leads Ashraf Ghani by 11 percent after partial count
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials	Drone strike kills dozen in Pakistan
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends	Glasgow Helicopter Crash: Woman PC Is Victim
Iran backs proposal for meeting on Syria conflict	Iran says Israel lying about rockets
Flight of Boston Marathon bombing suspects ended in mayhem	Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect captured on film
Taiwan stocks close 1.11 pct lower	Taiwan stocks end 0.68 pct lower
Three Israeli teens missing in West Bank	Israeli army hunts teens missing in West Bank
6 dead, 26 hurt in Philippines bomb blast	Six dead in Philippines bomb blast
Police helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow - several casualties	Police helicopter crashes on top of bar in Glasgow
Gunmen assassinate Libyan deputy industry minister	Gunmen kill Libyan deputy industry minister
Quotations in the News	Quotations of the day
Foreign exchange rates in Singapore	Foreign exchange rates in India
US drone strike 'kills 4 militants in Pakistan'	US drone strike kills 10 in Pakistan
Philip leaves hospital after 11 days	Mandela leaves hospital after 10 days
Bone fragment 'could be King Alfred'	Remains in Winchester could be King Alfred the Great
Israel frees second group of Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
Thai government says elections Feb. 2	Philippines government says peace talks with communists have failed
Ukraine revokes anti-protest law, PM resigns	Ukraine to repeal anti-protest laws
Two skydivers dead after colliding during US jump	Two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in Arizona
Quake shakes northeastern Japan, no tsunami risk	Quake hits Japan, no tsunami warning
UK's Ex-Premier Margaret Thatcher Dies At 87	Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies
German Parliament approves Cyprus aid package	Eurozone crisis live: German parliament approves Cyprus bailout
'Iron Man' jetpacks spark concerns in Hawaii	'Iron Man' Jetpacks Spark Concerns
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
France Says Won't 'Shirk Responsibilities' in Syria	France urges EU to be united on Syria
Boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video, no arrest	Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother
'Hundreds missing' as landslide hits Afghan villages	Hundreds die in massive Afghan landslide
Abdullah ahead in Afghanistan election race	Abdullah leading in Afghan presidential elections
China's anger at N. Korea overcomes worry over US	China's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights
Ukraine acting president calls emergency meeting of...	Ukraine's acting president convenes Security Council over unrests in southeast
China stocks open lower Friday	China stocks close lower on Thursday
London Marathon observes silence for Boston bomb victims ‚Äď video	London Marathon observes silence for Boston victims
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD	China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD
Gunmen Surround Libya's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands	Libya's foreign ministry cut off by armed men, official says
Man held after teen shot in Belfast	Man, 40, arrested after shooting
Flight 370 search area shifts as satellite sightings raise hope	MH370 search yet to target most likely crash site, says British firm Inmarsat
China's Q2 GDP growth slows to 7.5 pct	China growth slows to 75 in AprilJune govt
Police stop Maldives presidential election	Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
Kerry to Join Iran Nuclear Talks amid Hopes of Deal	Kerry Joins European Officials at Iran Nuclear Talks
Indian army kill 3 militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir	Indian troops kill militant commander in Indian-controlled Kashmir
N Korea postpones family reunions	North Korea postpones war-torn family unions
Quick crossword - Friday 31st May	Classic crossword - Friday 31st May
Neymar sends Brazil into Confed Cup semis	Neymar powers Brazil into World Cup last 16
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria	Car bomb kills 40 in northwest Pakistan
WTO reaches first trade reform deal	WTO achieves historic trade deal in Bali
Colorado Governor Visits School Shooting Victim	Colorado governor visits school shooting victim
Iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors	Iran urges rapid release of diplomat
Turkey president appeals for calm	Texas house provisionally approves abortion law
North Korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea	N Korea 'fires 100 shells' into the sea
U.S. Senate drafts resolution for military strike against Syria	US Senate panel approves use of force against Syria
Man dies in Co Donegal house fire	Woman dies in Co Cork house fire
Doha gas blast kills 12, injures dozens	Syria missile kills 26, including 8 kids
Polar bear DNA 'may help fight obesity'	Polar bear study may boost fight against obesity
42 killed, 63 wounded in violence in Iraq	44 killed, 133 wounded in Iraq's violence
Junta expects next Thai elections in Oct 2015	Junta Expects Next Thai Elections in October 2015
At least 350 dead as landslide hits Afghan villages	At least 350 dead as landslides swamp village
Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election	Nominations open for e.TV Ghana Most Influential Awards
India Ink: Image of the Day: April 21	India Ink: Image of the Day: May 2
Bachelet Seen Winning Chile Presidential Runoff	Bachelet set for big win in Chile's 2-woman poll showdown
Up to 21, mostly foreigners, killed in Kabul suicide attack	13 foreigners among 21 killed in Kabul restaurant attac...
'Fast &amp; Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car crash	Paul Walker dead: Fast and Furious star, 40, killed in car crash
US drone strike kills three in northwest Pakistan	US drone strike kills 4 in NW Pakistan
Chemical weapons team kidnapped in Syria, reports claim	Chemical-weapons team attacked in Syria; all members safe
Hushen 300 Index closes higher Wednesday	Hushen 300 Index ends higher Monday
Two French journalists killed in Mali	France confirms two French journalists killed in Mali
Air strike kills one man in Syria's Hama	US drone strike kills eleven in Pakistan
Morsi, army ready for showdown in 'final hours'	Mursi, Egypt army ready to die in 'Final Hours' showdown
Iran needs more nuclear power plants	Iran to build 2nd nuclear power plant
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	Pakistani Taliban 'elect new chief', vow 'unprecedented' revenge
Chinese shares close higher Friday	Chinese stocks open lower Friday
Turkish PM, president clash over reply to protests	Turkish president calls for calm amid nationwide protests
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan	Gunmen Attack Hotel In Remote Pakistani Province
Israel and Hamas to observe brief Gaza truce	Israel And Hamas 'Accept Temporary Truce'
South Africa unites in prayer and song for Mandela	South Africans Embark on Day of ‚ÄėPrayer and Reflection‚Äô for Mandela
China rushes relief after Sichuan quake kills 180	China Rushes Relief After Sichuan Quake Kills 188
Chemical Arms Team to Begin Talks With Syria	UN Chemical Arms Experts To Visit Syria
Russia says Syria to ship chemical arms as civilians flee bombs	Russia says Syria to remove chemical weapons this month
Wave of bombings, shootings kill 38 in Iraq	Wave of car bombs, other attacks kill 31 in Iraq
China's troubled Xinjiang hit by more violence	China's online population rises to 618 mln
Five Killed in Muslim-Christian Clashes in Egypt	5 die in Christian-Muslim clashes in Egypt
Tony Blair rejects 'bizarre' claims that invasion of Iraq caused the crisis	Iraq crisis: Tony Blair rejects 'bizarre' claims 2003 invasion caused current situation
Four killed in oil industry helicopter crash off Scotland	Four dead in North Sea oil industry helicopter crash
Relatives scuffle with police after China fire kills 120	Angry families demand answers after China plant fire kills 119
Iran rejects claim on chlorine bombs	Iran rejects MKO claim on nuclear site
India Minister's wife died 'unnatural death' after affair rumours	Minister's wife's death 'unnatural'
China surpasses US as world's largest trading nation	China set to overtake US as world's biggest goods trader
Erdogan criticizes court ruling after lifting Twitter ban	Erdogan slams top court for lifting Twitter ban
3 dead, 1 hurt in shooting at S Carolina oceanfront motel	4 dead, 30 injured in train collision near Moscow
Egypt postpones dispersing pro-Morsi camps	Egypt Postpones Dispersing Pro-Morsi Protest Camps
Burial of Boston bombing suspect appears legal	'Ready to go home:' Last Boston bombing victim leaves the hospital
5 killed in S China road cave-in	02:41 156 killed in China earthquake
South Africa president: Mandela is improving	Afghan president delays signing US deal
World News Update, what you need to know	Labour's 50p tax rate: what you need to know
Syrian civil war in photos	Syrian civil war peace talks at risk from Iran invitation
Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November	New Iran nuclear talks probably in November: report
Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq	FM Spokeswoman: Iran against US military interference in Iraq
Myanmar orders Doctors without Borders to suspend all activities in the country	Doctors Without Borders Expelled From Myanmar
US Military Plane Crashes in Kyrgyzstan	US Refueling Plane Crashes in Kyrgyzstan
Asiana jet crash lands at San Francisco airport	Boeing 777 plane crash-lands at San Francisco airport
Israel approves release of 104 Palestinian prisoners	Israel allows Palestinian prisoner release
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	6.8 quake in shattered Pakistan region
China launches longest-ever manned space mission	China successfully launches manned spacecraft
House blaze kills 7 in northern Pakistan	US drone strike kills 8 in NW Pakistan
Arias jury deadlocked on death penalty	Jodi Arias jury deadlocks on penalty
Today in History, Jan. 24	Today in History, Feb. 19
Desmond Tutu says he will attend Mandela funeral	Tutu says will attend Mandela funeral
Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll	Explosions heard near Afghan presidential palace
Imran blames rival for colleague murder	Pakistans Imran blames rival for killing party member
Venezuelan opposition leader sought	Venezuela Government, Opposition Head for Showdown
California Chrome wins Preakness; one victory from Triple Crown	California Chrome wins Preakness, moves one win from Triple Crown
Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims	Retailers back Bangladesh factory safety pact
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died	Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall, Flown to Hospital
Police use water cannon as India gang-rape protest turns violent	Police fire teargas, water cannon at Istanbul protesters
Egypt changes venue for trial of ousted president	Egypt Changes Venue for Trial of Ousted President
Police say one suspect in Boston Marathon bombing dead, one at large	Cop killed near Boston, link to bombing unclear
Japan defends dolphin hunt after US criticism	Japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from US
Bomb blast rocks shopping mall in Nigeria, 12 killed	Bomb blasts before Indian opposition rally kill 4
Philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460: UN	Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000
Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle	00:00 Syrian troops capture fabled Crusader castle
Third victim of Santa Barbara shooting identified	5th victim of Santa Monica shooting dies
Police fire teargas on Venezuelan vote protesters	Chavez heir Maduro wins Venezuela's presidency
Shanghai stock indices close mixed -- Nov. 11	Shanghai stock indices close higher -- July 23
Wave of attacks kills at least 95 in Iraq	Suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern Iraq
Strong quake strikes off central Java, Indonesia	Strong quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
World's oldest person, and oldest man ever, dies at 116	Japan: World's Oldest Man Ever Dies Aged 116
Saudi Arabia refuses UN security council seat	Saudi Arabia Turns Down UN Security Council Spot
Twin suicide bombings hit Iraq camp	11 killed in twin Iraq suicide bombings
Top Chinese political advisor meets Greek PM	Top Chinese political advisor meets Yemeni president
Palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in Prague	Palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
Ukraine leader pledges crisis talks	Ukraine Leader Pledges Crisis Talks
New major earthquake rocks southwest Pakistan	Moderate earthquake hits southern Pakistan
7 killed in attacks in Iraq	16 killed in series of attacks in Iraq
Floods in central Europe continue to create havoc	Europe floods continue to create havoc
US military presence in East Asia	NATO ups military presence amid Russian threat
Deaths rise in Israeli air strikes on Gaza	Deaths rise in air strikes on Gaza
Police fire tear gas at pro-Morsy protesters	Turkish police fire teargas at protesters in Istanbul
Group: 7 Palestinians killed in Syria	Palestinian killed in Israeli raid
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons	US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
World powers and Iran to resume expert nuclear talks on Dec. 30	Iran nuclear experts, world powers to resume talks next week
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down	Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
At least 6 dead in Canada bus, train crash	At least 6 dead in Paris train crash
Del Bosque includes injured Diego Costa in Spain‚Äôs World Cup squad	Spain Gambles on Costa in 23-Man World Cup Squad
Chinese president meets Greek PM, calling for stronger partnership	Chinese president meets Indian vice president
AstraZeneca pays $4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance	AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $4.1 billion
Italian fugitive arrested in Dominican Republic	Australian icebreaker arrives in East Antarctica for new rescue bid
Boston bombing suspect remains in hospital	Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
Indian stocks open lower	Indian stocks close lower
India, US to hold talks on China next week	Egypt to hold more talks with IMF on loan next week
6.6-magnitude quake hits South Atlantic Ocean -- USGS	Magnitude-5.1 quake hits southern Iran -- USGS
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv	FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Israel
Foreign exchange rates in Singapore	Foreign exchange rates in Hong Kong
Israel Carrying Out Ground Offensive In Gaza	Israel Launches Ground Offensive In Gaza
Luxembourg PM quits amid spying scandal	Luxembourg votes after spying row
Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, sentenced to six years in jail for corruption	Ehud Olmert sentenced to six years in Israel
Amazon's Bezos rescued by Ecuadorian Navy	Amazon's Bezos rescued by Ecuador Navy due to kidney stone
Brahimi apologises to Syria over lack of peace progress	Mediator apologizes to Syrians for lack of peace progress
occupied Palestinian territory: The EU, the Netherlands and Sweden contribute ‚ā¨18.9 million to the Palestinian Authority's payment of June salaries and pensions	occupied Palestinian territory: The EU, Denmark, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg and The Netherlands make a ‚ā¨16.4 million contribution to the Palestinian Authority's payment of April salaries and pensions
Egyptian protesters issue Morsi resignation ultimatum	Ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes
Syria peace talks in jeopardy	Syria peace talks delayed again
5 Things to Know About the Sochi Olympics	7 Things to Know About Ethanol
China yuan advances to 6.2035 against USD Tuesday	China yuan slightly advances to 6.1408 against USD Wednesday
China stocks open lower on Wednesday	China's stocks close lower on Monday
US delays missile test as tensions rise	William Hague: US decision to halt missile test 'sensible'
Fire in Beijing kills 10	Fire in Beijing kills ten
Nigeria Offers $300,000 Reward for Information on Abducted Girls	Nigeria offers 300000 reward for information on kidnapped girls
Maldives vice president resigns as polls get mired	Maldives presidential candidate refuses to take part in key run-off
World's oldest man dies at 116	Japan: World's Oldest Man Ever Dies Aged 116
Classic crossword - Friday 31st May	Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June
Israel launches airstrikes in Gaza after rocket attacks	IAF jets strike Gaza after rocket fire
Vybz Kartel found guilty of murder	Vybz Kartel: Jamaican dancehall star found guilty of murder
India, China ink border pact; 8 other agreements	India, China ink agreement on trans-border rivers
Drone strike in Hangu kills 8, injures 5	US drone strike in Pakistan kills five
Global chemical watchdog wins Nobel Peace Prize	Chemical weapons watchdog wins Nobel Peace prize
Syrian regime 'using chemical weapons on a small scale'	White House says Syria uses chemical weapons in conflict
3 dead, 4 missing in central China construction accident	One dead, 8 missing in Vietnam boat accident
Pakistanis vote in landmark election	Pakistan holds landmark election as 29 killed in attacks
Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats	Venezuela Expels 3 U.S. Diplomats
Boeing 777 crashes while landing at San Francisco airport; 2 dead; scores injured	Boeing 777 crashes while landing at San Francisco airport
Microsoft launches Office for iPad	FINALLY: Microsoft touts Office for iPad ‚Äď but there's a catch
Heavy smog hits north China city, flights cancelled	Heavy Smog Hits North China City, Flights Canceled
William More Popular Than The Queen - Poll	'Prince William more popular than Queen, Charles'
India braces itself as 'super cyclone' heads for east coast	India on red alert as "super cyclone" nears east coast
Russia claims to have foiled possible terror act	Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
Egypt's bruised Islamists protest after bloody week	Egypt Islamists defiant after deadly clashes
Syrian chemical arms destruction begins	Syria chemical arms production equipment destroyed
3 Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan	Seven kidnappers killed in southern Nigeria
Sevens World Cup within Kenya‚Äôs reach	Clash of Styles in Court Opens Trial in Young Man‚Äôs Death
US, China fail to paper over cracks in ties	China: Relief in focus as hope for missing fades
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan	Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum	Stolen skulls found in home museum
Winter weather hits Thanksgiving travellers	Bad Weather Arrives in Time for Thanksgiving Travel
Did Zeppelin rip off Stairway to Heaven?	Led Zeppelin to be sued over Stairway to Heaven
Egypt Launches Offensive Against Sinai Militants	Egypt launches offensive against Sinai insurgents
Record-setting Southwest heat wave turns fatal	At least 1 dead, 40 hospitalized in Southwest heat wave
George W. Bush Undergoes Heart Procedure	President George W. Bush has stent procedure
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: U.S. judge	Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
Algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	Bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
British Nobel-Winning Author Doris Lessing Dies	Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
Abe's shrine visit draws wide condemnation, criticism	Japanese PM Shinzo Abe's war shrine visit angers neighbours
01:12 Fan dies after Scotland rugby match	Rugby fan dies after Scotland v England match
Gap joins Bangladesh safety accord	Global brands commit to Bangladesh safety after collapse
Israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks	Israel Approves New Settlement Homes Ahead of Peace Talks
Shenzhen stock indices close higher Monday	Shenzhen stock indices close higher -- July 23
World Cup live: France 0-0 Germany	World Cup live: Germany 0-0 Ghana
Egyptian security forces kill 30 protesters: Brotherhood	Egyptian security forces arrest Brotherhood leaders' son
Tokyo to host 2020 Games	Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games
Firefighters unaccounted for battling Ariz. blaze	Firefighters perish in Arizona blaza
Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike	Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'
Putin signs Crimea annexe treaty	09:32 Putin signs off Crimea annexation
FAA continues ban on US flights to Tel Aviv	FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv
Modi condoles the people who died in Mumbai stampede	Indian media reports: 18 killed in Mumbai stampede
Mandela remains in critical but stable condition: Zuma	Mandela in ‚Äėcritical but stable‚Äô condition
France warns of extremists benefiting from Egypt violence	France fears extremists will benefit from Egypt violence
Brazil Leader Breaks Silence About Protests	Brazil leader breaks silence about protests
Death toll rises in Dhaka building collapse	Two die in Mumbai building collapse
China demands answers from US over spying claims	China demands explanation from US on Huawei spying report
Chinese envoy rebuts Vietnamese, Philippine accusations over South China Sea	China's Xi tells Vietnam wants peace in South China Sea
Thai opposition party to boycott general election	Thailand's opposition Democrat Party announces boycott of February general election
Four more people arrested over Australia's largest illegal tobacco importation syndicate	Police target illegal tobacco syndicate
9 Killed in Attack on Indian Consulate in Afghanistan	12 killed in attack on Indian consulate in Afghan city
Yemen: Fighting in north kills over 120	Janet Yellen: Five things you might not know
Obama moves to fill Fed board, taps Fischer to be No. 2	Obama voices willingness to talk with GOP on budget
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria	US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons
Pakistan's Musharraf charged over Bhutto murder	Pakistan's Musharraf Charged In Bhutto Death
Iran's president condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria	Probe alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria
A society fraying at the edges	Old TV alignments crack at the edges
UN Invites Iran to Syrian Peace Conference	UN: Iran Invited to Attend Syrian Peace Conference
Italy bus crash death toll rises	Starbucks clears college degree path for workers
UN retracts Iran invitation to Syria talks	UN chief withdraws invitation for Iran to join Syria peace talks
Soccer Ref Punched by Player Dies	Police: Utah soccer referee punched by player dies
Angela Merkel headed for narrow win in German elections	Malawi's new president sworn in after disputed elections
British teenager killed in fall from Magaluf hotel	British teenager killed in Magaluf hotel fall
Iran FM confers with Iraqi acting president	Rouhani becomes new Iranian president
Israel detains 37 Palestinians as arrest operation continues	Israel criticizes Palestinian stance on settlers
Rebels kill 21 civilians in Syria Alawite village	Bomb kills 18 civilians in Afghanistan
World sends emergency relief to battered Philippines	Typhoon Haiyan: world sends relief to battered Philippines
Newspapers Review: Abbas‚Äô Speech focus of Dailies	Newspapers Review: Nakba Day Events Focus of Dailies
Israel: Syria must be stripped of chemical weapons	Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons
Palestinian hunger striker, Israel reach deal	Palestinian activist detained in Israeli raid
Malaysian cop killed, another kidnapped in Sabah	Massive hunt for gunmen after cop killed, another kidnapped during Sabah shootout
Final death toll in Mumbai building collapse is 60	Death toll hits 72 in Mumbai building collapse
Crimea parliament votes to join Russia	Crimean parliament formally applies to join Russia
Assad says Syria will comply with UN arms resolution	Syria's Assad vows to comply with U.N. resolution
Crimean parliament formally applies to join Russia	Crimea parliament votes to join Russia
Morsi Supporters Urged to Abandon Sit-ins	Morsi supporters protest in Egypt
South Korean President Sorry For Ferry Response	S. Korean president 'sorry' for ferry disaster
'Rapid inspection' of flood defences	'Rapid inspection' of Britain's flood defences
Food price hikes raise concerns in Iran	American Chris Horner wins Tour of Spain
Obama made last-minute decision on Syria approval	Obama mulls limited military action in Syria
Small dog chews on a big stick.	a dog shews on a big stick.
A tennis player hitting the ball.	Two boys splashing in the surf.
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust	A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.	Two dogs play with purple football.
a bird lands in the water.	a boat floats in the water.
a group of young men sing out together.	A group of young women stand together.
A group of men play rugby.	A group of men are playing ball together.
Three children stand on or near a fence.	The three children are standing on and by a fence.
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.	a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
Two dogs ankle-deep in water.	Two brown dogs play in the water.
a boat floats in the water.	A boat in the water.
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing	A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth, field and building.	brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant	A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms.	Brown and white dog running through a grassy field.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.	Two grey dogs running in green grass.
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.	A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth.	A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
The dogs are running through the water	The dog runs through the snow.
A white and brown dog rolls on it's back in the sand.	A dog lying on its back in the sand.
A dog runs through the grass.	Two dogs running through the grass.
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.	A dog running through the woods.
Brown and white dog playing in the grass.	Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee.
The two dogs are running on the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
Two dogs are running in a grassy field	Two dogs running through a grassy field.
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.	The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.	A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.	Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.	a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence.	White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
A young girl holds up a peace sign.	A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.	Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
A man crouching and holding a camera.	The crouching man is holding a large camera.
Two dogs run through mud.	Two dogs run through the snow.
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.	A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.	A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
A dog swims through the water.	A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
A brown and white dog running on grass.	A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch	A dog jumps through a hoop.
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air.	A young girl is in mid-air doing gymnastics.
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.	A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.	A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin.	A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin.
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.	A person is diving into clear blue water.
The two boys play in the field.	The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.	Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar.	A dog is jumping over a red and white bar.
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone.	A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone.
A group of people standing in the street	A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.	A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard.
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape.	Two dogs are playing on the grass.
People and camels at a beach.	People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
A dog runs on brown grass.	A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock.	A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event.
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion.	Men standing in front of a statue of a lion.
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it.	A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow.
A black and white dog running in a snowy park.	A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park.
The two dogs are running through the grass.	Three dogs run in the snow.
Two dogs running through sand.	Three dogs running through a field.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.	A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.	A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him.	A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow.	Two kids and a dog play in the snow.
boy doing tricks on a skateboard	A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
Four boys sit in the mud.	Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream.
two young girls hug each other in the grass.	two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.	Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.	Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
A bird flies across the water.	A bird flies above the water.
Three dogs running in a field of grass.	Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
A dog is running through a pond	A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard.	Three dogs playing in the snow.
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog.	The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog.
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake.	A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
Three dogs playing in the snow.	Three dogs are playing in the water.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.	A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
A brown dog is running on a rock.	A brown dog running.
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead.	A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up.
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.	A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids.
A woman skiing down a snowy hill.	A person skis down a snowy hill.
A man and a woman watch two dogs.	A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.	A man jumps off a rock into the water
A young girl going down a tube slide.	A young girl swinging off a tire swing
A large black dog runs along the green grass.	A gray dog runs along the green grass.
A boy hanging from a jungle gym	A boy swings on a jungle gym.
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose.	Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef.
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.	A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
A dalmation is running along the beach.	A white dog is running on sand.
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble.	The young girl blows a huge bubble.
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain.	Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.	A group of people ride in a race
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers.	A man takes a picture of his friend with performers.
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children.	A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.	A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.	a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle	A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street.
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow.	A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
A black dog running with a black and white toy in it's mouth.	A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
A baby reaching into a water fountain.	A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
Two black dogs run through a field.	two spotted dogs are running through a field
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building	Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.	Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee.
A young girl, in an orange dress, holding a tennis racket.	A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket.
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water.	A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water.
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.	A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.	A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.	a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
A young boy leaps from one couch to another.	A young boy is leaping from one chair to another.
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow.	Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path.	A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing.
A child rides a wooden horse.	The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles	The white dog is running through a white posts on an obstacle course.
A dog jumps on a lawn.	A dog jumps of a surfboard
Two bull dogs playing on the floor.	Two dogs playing on carpet.
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.	Two dogs running through a grassy field.
Kids playing ball in the park.	Two dogs playing by the shore.
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera.	A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles.
Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen.	A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen.
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow.	A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.	A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.	A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.	Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.	A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf.	An older, balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves.
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.	Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.	A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
A woman does a handstand on the beach.	a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch	A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch.
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.	A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.	A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.	Two blond girls are playing together.
Smiling man with reflective classes.	A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
five people standing on a sidewalk	Five people on a sidewalk.
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.	A boy splashes into a pool, ejected from a water slide.
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill.	The hiker is following a trail uphill.
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain.	Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain.
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.	A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
The child has a necklace on and is in the water.	A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
The white dog runs across the snow.	A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
A group of football players running down the field.	Football players are on the field.
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella.	A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella.
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.	Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.	Two dogs are playing in the snow.
Two boys are running around a field.	Two dogs are running in the field.
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall.	A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp.	Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp.
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.	A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
A man picking up a big rock.	A woman picking up a large rock.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.	A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.	People in animal costumes entertain a crowd.
The dog is running through a field.	A dog runs through a field.
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.	a white dog runs across the water.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.	Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair.
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.	A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.	A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.	A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Two large dogs running in some grass.	Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.	A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.	A dog playing in the snow.
A dog is running through tall grass.	A dig is trekking through snow.
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.	A man who is resting his head on his hand.
A young boy jumping into a lake.	The boy is jumping into a lake.
A little boy, in a camouflage jacket, looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks.	A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area.	A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
a surfer rides up the wave.	The surfer is in the wave.
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach.	Two boys play with two dogs at the shore.
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach.	A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass.
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival.	A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera.
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.	A woman plays with a brown dog.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.	A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
Two people and a dog are in the snow.	Two people playing on a snowy hill.
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.	A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.	A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.	A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	A surfer is riding a wave.
A man and a woman on a bench.	A man and woman sit on a park bench.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.	A dog is playing in the deep snow.
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.	A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
A greyhound jumps over a chain.	A dog jumps over a chain.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.	A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water.	A little boy in blue shorts, glasses, and a coat stands in the surf.
The man is jumping into the water.	The man is up in the air.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.	A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.	a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball.	Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball.
Man and child skiing.	A child goes skiing.
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.	Two dogs are running together outside.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.	A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.	A person riding a dirt bike.
Two dogs playing by the shore.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.	A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.	A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.	A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air	A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end.	A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.	A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.	Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign.	a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
A black poodle plays in the snow.	A black poodle frolics in the snow.
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers.	Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent.
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches.	A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer	Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
Two small dogs run through the grass.	a dog runs through the woods.
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.	Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock.	Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock.
The kids ride a boat in the water.	The four kids are riding a raft on the water.
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.	A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
A large white bird swoops over water.	A large white bird flying over water.
A man takes photos on the water's edge.	A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs standing in the snow.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
A small child slides down a purple slide.	A girl slides down a purple slide.
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.	A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.	A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
A black dog walks through some water.	A brown dog walks through snow.
The tan dog runs through the leaves.	The white dog runs through the ocean.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.	A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.	The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
A deer jumps a fence.	A deer jumping over a fence.
the black dog carries an object in the snow.	A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field.
a man dressed in a batman costume.	A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume.
A little girl holds a wooden stick.	A little girl swimming in a pool.
A black dog jumps through the water.	A dog walks through the snow.
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.	A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cell phone with other people in the background.	A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cell phone with other people behind him.
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.	The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.	A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.	Three children playing on the floor.
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.	A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods.	A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods.
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.	A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.	Two dogs play in a sandy field.
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis.	a man wearing an orange U. Miami tee shirt playing tennis
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.	A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp.	A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.	The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean.	The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her.
A black dog running through water.	A black dog is running through some water.
Children jumping on a trampoline.	A man is sledding on an orange slide.
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.	A brown dog is running in a field.
A child playing on a playground play set.	A child swinging on a playground play set.
A man practicing boxing	A man practices boxing
two woman looking into a glass case.	A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter.	A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard.	A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard.
A dog runs through the grass.	A dog runs through the snow.
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.	The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
A skier speeds through the snow.	A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.	Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.	A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.	A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A girl wearing a brown cap, red sneakers, and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench.	A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block, looking out.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.	The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
Two dogs running on grass.	Two black, wet dogs running on grass.
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.	A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
A dog leaps over a barrier.	A dog leaps over a fence.
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.	A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal.	A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal.
A girl, in a black shirt and hot pink pants, is about to hit a tennis ball on the court.	A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
A softball player swinging at a pitch.	A baseball player hitting the ball
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.	Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp.	Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball.	A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it.
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.	A man is sky surfing on the water.
Two young women sit by a fountain.	Two blond women are sitting by a fountain.
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court.	A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court.
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.	Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch.
The brown dog is running on the grass.	The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass.
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it	a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.	A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
A black dog is running in the grass.	A boy running through green grass.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
Two people sit on the end of a dock.	Two people sitting on a dock.
A child cavorts on the road.	A white dog runs on the grass.
A black dog runs through a muddy bank.	A lean dog runs through a wooded area.
Two dogs in a yard.	Two dogs in a stream.
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.	Four people wait outside in a line for ticket.
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass	A black dog with a red collar runs through grass.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.	A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope.	A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.	St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
A boy and a dog running on grass	A black dog, running on grass.
a dog runs across the grass.	a dog runs across the path.
A small white dog running across a lawn.	A small white dog running
The white dog is running in the shallow water.	A wet dog is splashing through shallow water.
A dog racing on a track.	A dog chases another by a tree.
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.	The big white dog is running in the grass.
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing	a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors.	Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.	Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line.	A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field.	A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.	A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy.	A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball.	a wet dog chasing a white ball
Three boys playing soccer in a field	Three boys playing soccer.
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat.	A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street.
A brown dog walks in the grass with it's tongue hanging out.	A grey dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs	Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
Two dogs running in a field.	Two dogs running in the dirt.
A black dog and a tan dog fighting.	A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
A little brown dog is running on the grass.	The brown dog is running on the grass.
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.	A girl is playing on a swing.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.	A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
A bike rider on a ramp.	A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp.
two big brown dogs running through the snow.	A brown dog running through the grass.
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.	Two dogs in a house playing with toys.
Two dogs swimming in a pool.	A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.
A skateboarder sliding on a rail.	A skateboarder doing a jump.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.	A child holds a yellow balloon.
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass.	A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.	Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.	Two white dogs running in the snow.
A black dog is running in the grass.	The black dog is running through the grass.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park.	A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park.
A young girl on Rollerblades.	A young girl with roller blades and green foliage in the background.
The large brown dog is running through shallow water.	The white dog is running in the shallow water.
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.	A child runs through the grass.
Two dogs playing on the beach.	two dogs running on the beach
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field.	A dog jumps over a chain.
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.	A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape.
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.	Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground.	Two children jump on a trampoline.
A light-colored dog runs on the beach.	A small yellow dog runs on a beach
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.	A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
A girl in orange lights a candle.	A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.	A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass.	A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.	A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.	A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan.
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee.	a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee.
A dog shaking off water.	A dog shaking water off.
The dog is playing in the water.	A dog is wading in the water.
Young boys running along the pavement.	A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
A young child slides down an orange slide.	A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles	Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.	The white dog runs through the ocean.
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.	A child going down an inflatable slide.
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.	Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.	A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
A man with his bike amid a demolished building.	A man sits on the stairs next to his bike.
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.	A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.	The man is going into the water.
A bird with it's wings spread	A bird soars with wings spread.
Two black and white dogs run across a green field.	A white dog is running across a grassy field.
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".	A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
A dog catching a ball.	A dog catching a Frisbee.
Black and white dog running through water.	A black and white dog is running through grass.
a man in a grey t shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.	A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.	A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
A dog is running toward the camera.	A brown and white dog running on grass.
Three dogs running in the dirt.	The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
a boy swinging on a swing.	The girl is on a swing.
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen.	A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan.
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together.	A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge.
A group of youngsters swim in lake water	Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.	A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
two dogs running in the snow	A dog laying in the snow.
A golden dog is running through the snow.	A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.	A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
A skateboarder on a city street.	A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
Four children on stools in a diner.	Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
Boy and white dog running in grassy field	A boy and a dog running on grass
Two large dogs are running together through the grass.	Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
A brown dog is running in the grass.	A dog running on the grass.
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out.	A dog leaps over a log in the woods.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.	A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.	Two white dogs are running together.
Two boys playing a game of flag football.	Two boys are playing flag football.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.	A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.	A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.	An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.	A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow.	A dog with something pink in it's mouth is looking forward.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.	Two dogs are shaking water off.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.	A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.	A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond.	A dog shakes off after getting out of the water.
A girl bounces in a bounce house.	A girl dances like a man in costume
A brown dog swimming in murky water.	a tan dog swimming in some water
A brown dog running through the woods.	A brown dog runs through the grass.
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.	A group of people stand and wait to see something.
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch.	Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.	A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
Three people racing on ice skates.	Three ice skaters round a corner.
A large brown dog is walking along side a river.	A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river.
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.	Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
a boy falls off his red bike.	A young boy falls off his bike.
Two men on the side of a barge	A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.	the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
A brown dog in running on grass.	A brown dog runs through the grass.
A man with a white headband playing drums.	A boy in a headband plays drums.
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths.	Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
Two dogs are running through a small pond	Two dogs are running quickly through a park.
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river	A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water.	A black and white dog swimming in clear water.
Kids are riding horses in a ring.	Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence.
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.	A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
The two black dogs are running through the grass.	Two dogs running on grass.
two cold people stand near a pole.	Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene.
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.	A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
two dogs are running across a grassy path.	Two dogs are in a grassy area.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.	A child is playing with two white and black geese.
Two people are walking by the ocean.	Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
A man in red takes cell phone pictures at a football game.	A man in a red shirt is watching a football game.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.	A brown dog jumps over a wire fence.
Two little girls in pink are dancing.	Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
a black dog runs through the dry grass.	A black dog running through water.
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow.	A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
Two children splashing in the water.	Two dolphins jumping into the water.
A dog is on the beach near a ball.	A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
The child is looking at Santa Claus.	The child is looking at his reflection in glass.
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper	There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera.
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean	Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean.
A brown dog is running through the grass panting.	A brown dog running through grass.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.	Two dogs bound across the grass.
The dog runs through the water.	A dog runs through shallow water.
a woman playing with two young boys at a park	A woman and three kids play at a park.
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.	A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog.	One dog makes a playful bite on another dog.
The large dog wading in the water and shaking.	Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball.
Three dogs playing in the snow.	The boy is playing in the sand.
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.	A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
Children jumping on a trampoline.	Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts.
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall.	A small boy is carrying a soccer ball.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.	Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
A white dog running on the beach.	A dog running in the surf.
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.	A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
A light brown dog is running in the water.	A white dog running in the snow.
Three children playing on a floor with toys.	Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth.	A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth.
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.	A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
Two children playing in the snow.	Children play in a pile of snow.
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river.	A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.	A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
A black dog is running through the snow.	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.	A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
A skier is falling into the snow.	A skier is falling face first into the snow.
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.	A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.	Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.	A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.	Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
The person is doing a handstand on the beach.	A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.	A crowd of people at an outdoor event
Two dogs running through a field.	Two dogs play in a field.
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle	A man and a woman standing on a city street.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.	Two dogs are playing on the grass.
Two dogs groom each other.	Two dogs jumping on each other.
A man in a black wetsuit is surfung in the waves.	A surfer in a black wet suit surfs on a medium wave.
Two dogs playing in the water.	Two boys playing in water.
A deer is jumping over a fence.	A kid is jumping his bike over a fence.
A bird with it's wings spread	A bird flying in the air
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
A white dog is running through the water at a beach	A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.	A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
A black dog jumps in the snow.	A dog jumps high in the snow.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.	A dog leaps over the hurdle.
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment	Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
A man and woman blow bubbles.	A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.	A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two black dogs in the snow.
A dog running through mucky ground.	A dog runs through sand.
A brown and white dog standing in a yard.	A black and white dog playing in the sand.
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.	A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
two woman sit on a park bench.	Two women sitting on a bench by the water.
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy.	A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.	A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball.
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.	The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
a group of old men walking down the street	A couple walking down the street.
Three dogs are up to their necks in water.	three black dogs swimming in dirty water
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.	Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps.	A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field.
Snow boarder on a pink board flying through the air.	A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
A black and white dog is running through the field.	A black and white dog is running in the grass.
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.	a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.	An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
A girl in a costume participates in a parade.	A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street.
The black dog runs through the water.	A dog is jumping through the water.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.	A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A little girl is shoveling snow.	A little girl is running.
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.	A person in a red shirt is standing, with arms raised, at the top of a mountain.
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti.	A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.	A group of young ladies in bikinis.
A person is surfing a big wave.	A surfer rides out the green and white waves.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.	A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
A dog running through snow.	A collie running through the snow.
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.	A man and a woman resting after exercise.
Two girls walking in the ocean.	two girls walking in the street
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake.	A young boy jumping into a lake.
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.	a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.	A man dances on a colorful wall.
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.	A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.	A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container.
A white dog runs on a beach.	The white dog is running along the beach.
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	Six dogs walking beside the beach.
A man holds on to a handle in the water.	A man is holding onto handles in the air.
four children are playing on a trampoline.	Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
A white dog walking in the snow.	A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
Two older men in front of a bus.	Two men step off the bus together.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	Three dogs are running on the grass.
A black dog retrieves a bird.	A black dog fetches a dead bird.
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera.	Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area.
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.	A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.	Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
Three dogs are playing in the water.	Three dogs run in the snow.
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two kids playing with a dog.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.	Two dogs play in the snow
Many cars parked on a mountain.	A group of cars parked on a hill
A girl does a back bend on the beach.	A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
A white dog in a jump,holding a plate in his mouth.	A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
Boat sails in rough water.	A man is kayaking in rough waters.
A girl sits on a red play structure	A little girl on a red jungle gym.
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
Two surfers on riding a small wave.	Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
A gray bird is flying over the water.	A bird flying over the water.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.	Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
A dog jumps high in the snow.	A dog runs in the snow.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman's hair.	Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.
a dog runs through the water.	A dog runs through the grass.
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.	A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing.
Three boys playing soccer in a field	Three boys playing soccer.
two puppies playing around in the grass	Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.	A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.	Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them.
A dog is looking at something near the water.	Two teenage girls are texting in the park.
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	A black and white dog swims in blue water.
A black dog running into the water.	A black dog running through water.
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.	A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river.	Woman and dog in rowboat on the water.
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table.	A group of six children sit at a wooden table.
A white dog bounding through snow	A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.	Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
Two children hug one another.	Two men in hats pose together.
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.	A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
Two girls next to a mossy tree.	Two girls lean around a tree, laughing.
An old man sitting down watching something.	People stand outside watching something.
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.	Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
Brown dog splashing into the water.	Four dogs splashing in the water
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball.	A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.	A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.	A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty.	A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera.
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.	Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue.
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard, chasing a ball.	A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field.
Two dogs, the white one standing on a Frisbee, playing together on grass.	Two dogs play on the grass.
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.	A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.	The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
A snowboarder goes down a ramp.	A snowboarder going over a ramp.
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.	There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.	There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.	A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
A golden dog is running through the snow.	A black dog is running through the snow.
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.	A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
Three dogs walking in the grass.	Three dogs playing in the green water.
Three dogs playing in the snow.	Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow.
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.	The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.	A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
a man and woman walking past a record shop	A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.	A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels	Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.	A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field.	A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.	A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man's right arm during a street parade.
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.	a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
a man plays his white guitar.	a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.	A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick.	A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game.	Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.	Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
Two young children are on sand.	Two young children wearing sunglasses
A black and white dog runs through the water.	Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach.
Close-up of a hummingbird.	A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two tan dogs play in the snow.
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears.	A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.	A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.	Three children playing on the floor.
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.	A dog swimming in a pond
Three dogs play by a lake.	Three dogs playing on grass.
The brown dog is playing in the snow.	A black dog is playing in the snow.
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	A girl jumping in the grass.
A man and a woman looking at the camera.	A man and a woman laughing.
a dog jumps into the water.	A dog is jumping into the water.
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass	The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth.	A white dog with a collar is running.
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
A boy riding on a swing.	A young boy riding in a swing.
A man in a batman suit running.	A man in a batman costume is running a race.
A brown dog is digging in the dirt.	A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
A dog is running along the grass.	A brown dog is running on grass.
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black.	two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building.
A black dog running through the snow.	A black dog runs through the water.
A young child blows on an orange wand to make a bubble.	An Asian child is blowing bubbles from an orange bubble hoop.
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water.	a brown and white dog swimming in water
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.	A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
Two white dogs running in grass.	Two dogs running in the woods.
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.	A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.	Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
A black dog walking beside a pool.	A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
Two dogs standing in a lake.	Two dogs playing on grass.
Five black dogs run in a field.	A black dog is running across a field.
Four dogs run in the grass.	A dog running in the grass.
A little black dog is running on the snow.	A black dog is running through the snow.
A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in it's mouth.	A white dogs treads the water with sticks in its mouth.
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle.	Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth	A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
A black, brown, and white dog is carrying a Frisbee.	A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee.
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area.	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.	The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth.	Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach.	A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.	A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.	The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.	The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
A dog laying in the snow.	Three dogs playing in the snow.
three dogs playing on a beach	A boy standing on a beach.
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.	A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp.	The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.	A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
A black and white dog running between poles.	A black-and-white dog running in the water.
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide.	A girl with extended arms goes down a slide.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.	A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.	a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach.
Large group of people standing outside of a building.	A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
A golden dog is running on the grass.	The large beige dog is running through the grass.
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball.	a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store.
A dog runs through the grass.	a dog runs across the grass.
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air.	A child rides a bike high in the air.
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground.	Black dog running very fast.
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.	A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
Man rowing a boat.	a man doing a trick on skateboard
Three dogs running on a racetrack.	Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
A man and child in front of a billboard	A man standing in front of a brick building.
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course	A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles.
Two kids laying on a bed upside down	Two children are shown upside down.
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.	The three children are standing on and by a fence.
A dog is standing in the sand.	A dog running fast in the sand.
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.	An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track.	A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track.
Two dogs play with one another on the grass.	Two beige dogs play in the grass.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.	Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass.
A black dog is running through the snow.	The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
A small boy playing in the snow.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
People standing outside at a carnival.	Two people are standing next to a waterway canal.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time	A dog running through a lot of twigs.
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.	Three people in a glass structure.
Two young women walk along a dirt road.	Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right.	A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp.
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.	Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
Many people run in a race on a street.	A puppy running along a street.
Two dogs in the snow	Two dogs play in the grass.
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.	A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
Two white dogs walking in the snow.	A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock.	A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.	A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
A dog runs through the grass.	Two dogs run through the brush.
Three dogs playing in the snow.	Three dogs run in the snow.
A dog running across the sand	A dog running through the water.
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains	A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.	The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water.	A man wearing a helmet, floating in the water.
Two dogs play in the snow	A dog plays in the snow.
Japanese school girls walk down the street.	People walk along on the street.
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.	A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.	A black man and his dog on the beach.
A small boy playing in the snow.	A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow.
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.	A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot.	A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee.
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind.	A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth.
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.	Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.	A young child holds a spoon to it's mouth while sitting in a chair.
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse	A women with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse.
Two dogs are running in the field.	Two dogs running in a field.
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall.	A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory.
Two people are in bed.	Two boxers are in the ring.
Two dogs on the beach.	A dog walks on the beach.
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.	A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
a dog jumps into the water.	A small dog leaps in the water.
A dog looking at the camera in snow.	A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs play in the snow.
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole.	A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice.
A group of people are in the water.	A group of people ride in a race
The dog is running with food in his mouth.	The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.	A brown and black dog walks in the snow with it's tongue hanging out.
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track.	A boy with face paint is running on a track.
Two dogs running down a beach.	two dogs running on the beach
A black and white dog swimming in the pool	A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.	Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.	A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.	A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.	A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
Two young children are walking across an open field.	Two small children walking in a field.
People on an amusement park ride.	A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day.
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".	A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.	A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
A child with his hands on his head.	A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
two dogs running in the snow	Two dogs standing in snow.
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.	A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph.	a man and a woman posing for a picture
A black dog lays in the sand.	Kids play in the water
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass.	A squirrel stands in the grass looking around.
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.	A pale dog runs down a path.
The tan dog runs through the leaves.	A tan dog runs in the fall leaves.
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.	The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
A man performs a skateboard trick.	A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard.
A child walking in the snow.	A child in the snow.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.	A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
A bike jumps through the air.	A boy and his bike leaps into the air.
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.	Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.	The man helps the boy ride a bike.
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth.	The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth.
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.	A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
A man climbing a cliff face.	A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike.	The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks.
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	The dogs play in the snow.
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet.	A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water.	A black and white dog is swimming in some water
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.	Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
A dog zips along the beach.	Two dogs running on the beach.
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.	A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.	A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.	Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
A boy plays baseball.	A man is playing baseball.
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug.	A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.	A white dog running over a bridge.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.	A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
The Dalmation is running through the woods.	A dog runs in the woods.
A woman waves as she rides a zip line.	A person waving is hanging off a zip line.
A black dog retrieves in the snow.	A skateboarder jumping in the street.
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.	Roller blades sliding on a railing.
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.	A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.	Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump.	A dog sniffs a tree stump.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.	A dog is jumping in the snow.
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.	A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera.
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.	Two dogs running along dirt path.
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley.	a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley.
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.	The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
Two brown dogs runs through the water.	Two brown dogs running through water.
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.	a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
A black and white dog is running through the grass.	The black and white dog is running on the grass.
A man skis on a snowy mountain.	Skiiers on a snowy mountain.
Two brown dogs are biting each other.	Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass.	Two small dogs run through the grass.
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on	A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.	A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water.	A small boy in waterwings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide.
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.	A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.	a young girl wearing purple running through water
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.	A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
Three greyhounds racing on a track	Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
A black dog is jumping out of water.	A black dog is shaking off water.
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee.	A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item.
A brown dog is walking in the water.	Two brown dogs running through water.
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.	A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.	A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
A dog shakes off water	A dog shakes his head.
People sitting on a couch laugh.	Four happy people sitting on a red couch
A black dog is running through the snow.	A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.	A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.	A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge.
a white dog is running through the snow.	A little white dog running through the sand.
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.	A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
A young boy is riding a bike.	A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A black dog running in the snow.	A black dog running on a beach.
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.	Two dogs drink water in a lake.
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land.	Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
A dog runs through the deep snow.	A white dog is running through the snow.
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.	A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
A person skateboarding at a skate park.	Person snowboarding at a ski slope.
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.	Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
A man climbing a rock-face.	A man is climbing a rock wall.
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.	a young child running along the shore at a beach
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.	A woman is playing volley ball.
A black dog leaping over a hurdle.	A small dog jumping over hurdles.
Two dogs are running on the grass.	Two birds interacting in the grass
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide	The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.	A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
A dog standing in the water.	A girl playing on a parachute.
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair.	A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl's face.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.	A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.	A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	a group of surfers catching a wave
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.	A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
Black and white dog running through water.	A tan and white dog runs through water.
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball.	A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball.
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball.	Two black and white dogs run across a green field.
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee.	A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.	A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
Three children playing on rocks near a lake	Three men playing baseball.
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth.	Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.	A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera.
A women and a dog playing outside	A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside.
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.	Three women in brightly colored dresses.
a black dog swimming through a river.	a black dog digging through the snow.
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass.	A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
Two beige dogs play in the grass.	two tan dogs play in the grass
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.	Two dogs are running through a green yard
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth.	A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth.
A man and a woman are smiling.	A man and a woman laughing.
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.	A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.	Two little boys are playing on a playground.
A black and white dog jumping into the air.	A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball.
Two girls are jumping high in the air.	Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.	A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker.	A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
A dog is running along the grass.	A brown dog is running in the grass.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
A dog and a red ball in the air.	A dog digs a hole in a yard.
A tan dog runs through the snow.	A black dog running through the snow.
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.	A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
Brown dog running on grass.	The dog is running on grass.
A dog jogs through the grass.	a dog trots through the grass.
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.	A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant's head.
A white, fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs.	A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on it's hind legs.
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.	A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog.	A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp	A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.	A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
A man water skis while attached to a parachute.	A man kite surfing creates a wave.
A brown puppy chewing on a stick.	A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field.	A dog is running in a field.
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.	Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen.	A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings.	A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building.
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop.	A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops.
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean.	A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean.
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black.	A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.	A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.	A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth.	A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
Child sliding in the snow.	Man sleeping on the street.
The black dog plays in the snow.	A black poodle is playing with the snow.
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk.	A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard, chasing a ball.
Three dogs are playing in the water.	Three dogs swim in the water.
A white dog running on sand.	A white dog runs on the sand.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.	A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe.	A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bag pipe.
A group of people having their picture taken.	A group of people are in the water.
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.	A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.	A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.	A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.	A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.	Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
The dogs are walking in the desert.	Three dogs playing in the green water.
A dog swims in the water.	Three dogs swim in the water.
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.	a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.	A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.	A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.	A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee.	Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.	A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
A person holding a net is standing in the water.	A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.	A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs play in the water.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.	A tan dog is walking through snow.
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cell phone.	A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street	A man walks two dogs in the city.
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.	a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.	A man wearing a backpack looking to the side.
A dog is running in the snow.	Two dogs running in the dirt
A small boy playing in the snow.	The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs run through the grass.
The dog is jumping in the air.	A soaked dog is playing in the water.
Two children jumping into a body of water.	Two people diving into a body of water.
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.	A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room.	People are sitting at square tables in a red room.
A dog and cat laying down together.	Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background.	A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background.
A dog is playing in water.	A dog shaking water off.
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.	A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.	A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
A dog running through deep snow pack.	A dog runs through the deep snow.
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand.	Three children playing in sand at beach
Two dogs playing together in the snow.	Two dogs play together in the yard.
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera.	A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette.
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack.	A group of people are running a race.
a white dog running in the snow	The dogs are running in the snow.
a dog runs through the long grass.	A dog lays down in the long green grass.
The black dog is running through the snow.	A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.	A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
A group of people sitting around a desk.	A group of girls on a beach.
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in it's mouth.	a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth.
Three dogs are running in a field.	Two dogs are running in a grassy field
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.	The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.	A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
A white dog running through the snow	The black and white dog runs through the grass.
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field.	a lone dog running in a dirty road
A man is riding a kayak through water.	A man kayaks in rough water.
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background	A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture.	A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice.
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows.	A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill.
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.	A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.	A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball.	A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy.	A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea.	Three brown dogs are in the water.
Four small children sit on tall stools at a resturaunt bar.	Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
A man on a bike nest to a river.	A man on a bike does a very high jump.
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera.	The two dogs are running toward the camera.
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball.	Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park.
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching.	Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony.
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow.	A brown dog running after a young cow.
A dog running on the grass	Two dogs are running on the grass.
A brown dog runs near the water.	Two brown dogs runs through the water.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.	A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas.	A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree.
A skier going down the snowy hill.	A brown dog is laying in the snow.
Two dogs are running on the grass.	Two dogs running in the dirt
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy.	Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy.
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.	A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.	Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
Many football players sitting on the ground.	A dog rolls on the ground.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.	A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
A golden dog plays in the snow	Three dogs playing in the snow.
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.	A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.	A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.	A surfer does a flip on a wave.
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass.	A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it.
People travel up the elevator together.	people go up the escalator.
a brown dog standing in the middle of ahuge field.	A brown dog in a field.
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass.	Two children are playing flag football together.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.	a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.	A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basket ball game.
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
Two dogs are playing in the snow.	A dog playing in the snow.
A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff.	a man sits on a rock.
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.	A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean.
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee.	A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
A black dog jumps in the snow.	A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.	A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.	Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.	the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow	Two dogs fighting in the snow.
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.	A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
Boy lies on stomach in grass.	Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle.	A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle.
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.	A white dog is standing on it's hind legs with a ball in it's mouth.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.	A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.	A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field.
Two dogs play by a tree.	A dog chases another by a tree.
A bird sits in a tree.	A bird sits in a leafless tree.
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.	A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountain top.	A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road.	A man and woman sitting on a parked car.
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.	A man is climbing a rocky mountain.
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake.	Young boys wading in blue swim caps.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.	A dog jumps over a hurdle.
Three boys leaping in to a swimming pool.	Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.	three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
boy doing tricks on a skateboard	A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
A brown and white horse runs quickly.	A brown and white dog is running around a pole.
The brown and white dog is in the water.	The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.	The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.	A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.	A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
A dog in the snow.	Two dogs in snow.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
Dalmation running along the beach.	A Dalmation runs along a beach.
A man climbs a snowy mountain.	A hiker moves up a snowy mountain.
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee	A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.	A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth.	A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A dog running through snow.	A dog runs in the snow.
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.	The girl is sitting on top of a saddle.
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball.	A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal.
Four black dogs run across the grass.	A dog runs across the grassy field.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.	A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.	A dog chases another by a tree.
A yellow dog in the snow.	Two dog play in the snow.
A girl is jumping.	A boy is rock climbing.
A dog carries a stick through the woods.	A dirty dogs runs through the woods.
A dog runs through the grass.	A dog runs through an obstacle course.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field.	A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large, fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow.
Two men are racing in the water.	Two young boys playing with ducks near the water.
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park	Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.	a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
Two black and white dogs running in a field.	A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.	A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.	A beagle walks along the calm shore.
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.	A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
A person in mid air on a yellow motorcycle.	A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground.	A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.	A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him.
The black and white dog runs through the grass.	A black and white dog is running through grass.
Small black dog running in grass	two dogs running in grass
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline.	A girl does a handstand on a trampoline.
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.	The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water.	Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
Kids playing tag football.	Young boys play touch football.
Three children playing in snow.	Three children playing in hay
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.	A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.	Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth.	A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.	A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surf board.	A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board.
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.	A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat.
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.	A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.	A boy with a metal colander on his head.
A brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
A skier skiing down a large mountain	A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.
A dog jogs through the grass.	a dog sprints across the grass.
A boy is blowing bubbles	A boy in blue is blowing bubbles.
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.	Three pole wait for a bus outside a building.
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.	A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
Two boys show off their stained, blue tongues.	Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.	A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
A white and black dog runs on the grass.	Black and white dog running outside.
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.	A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean.
This dog is jumping through the water.	Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera.	Children smiling and making faces to the camera.
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.	The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
A man and a woman laughing.	A man and a woman kiss.
A little boy is in a tire	A child rolls around in a large tire.
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.	A white and brown dog runs in a field.
Two dogs run on the grass.	A dog running on the grass.
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	Children play in a pool while adults look on.
The football players are working on stretching their legs.	Football players are stretching together.
A dog is standing in the sand.	A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.	Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
Two children are on a fairground ride.	Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
Two kids splashing in the water.	Two dogs play together on the bed.
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.	Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth.
A tan dog runs through the snow.	A white dog is running through the snow.
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.	A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.	A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
A woman reads while on public transportation.	A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement.	Two brownish dogs are fighting.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.	A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road	A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass.	A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass.
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart.	A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
The black and white dog is running on the grass.	This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.	Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink.
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.	A skateboarder in mid-air above an indoor ramp.
The black dog is running through the water.	The black and white dog is running through the bushes.
The black and white dog is running on the grass.	The white dog is running in the green grass.
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.	a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving.	A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.	A brown and white dog is running down a ramp.
A brown dog jumps high in the grass.	A brown dog digs in the sand.
A brown dog running over grass.	A brown dog running
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.	A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
Two dogs run on the beach.	Brown dog running on the beach.
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.	A person above their surfboard on the water.
A skateboarder in the city.	A skateboarder on a ramp.
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.	The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.	A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
Three dogs running through a puddle.	The dogs are running through the yard.
The dog returns the play toy to its master.	Three dogs race in the snow together.
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.	Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette.	A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
Two females jump off of swings.	Two girls jump out of swings.
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.	A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park.	A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
Two dogs running on the shore.	A white dog running on the beach.
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest.	Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
The white dog has a ball in its mouth.	The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth.
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope.	A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope.
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean.	A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes.
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light.	A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light.
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.	A shirtless man catches a football
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.	A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
a young girl smiling with her head upside down	A girl poses with her head upside down.
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.	Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
A young man with a beard at an event.	A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.	A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.	A man jumps while on a snowboard.
a boy plays in the fountains.	A young boy plays in the water fountain.
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods.	Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.	A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.	A black dog walks through a rocky, grassy landscape under a blue, cloudy sky.
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.	Four dogs playing in the snow.
Two brown dogs barking at each other.	two brown and black dogs growling at each other.
A black dog jumping into a lake.	A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park.
A child playing in water.	A child in water.
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.	A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
The black dog is running on the grass.	The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.	A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall.	A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall.
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball.	Two football players bang into each other during a football game.
Two people run in the sand at the beach.	People running away from seagulls on the beach.
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow.	a dog stands in the white snow.
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.	A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.	The black dog is running through the grass.
Two dogs playing in snow.	Two dogs playing in grass.
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.	A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.	A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars.	The little girl is playing at the playground.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.	A black dog digs in the snow.
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.	A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass.
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow.	A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
Two dogs play in shallow water.	Two dogs play in the water.
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles.	A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.
A dog jumps over a chain.	A dog leaping over a chain.
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains.	A man skiing down a snow covered mountain.
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.	The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track.
A black and grey dog runs in a field with it's tongue hanging out.	A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.	A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
The dog is running in the grass.	a dog pounces on the grass.
a boy in a red shirt, in front of a long blue wall, raises his eyebrow at the camera	The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.	The boy is sliding down a metal slide.
A black and a yellow dog	A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
Three children in a ball pit.	Several children playing in a ball pit.
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.	A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.	A black and white dog is swimming in a lake.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.	a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
The white and brown dog is running through the grass.	The brown dog is running on the grass.
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.	A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
A brown dog is running through green grass.	A brown dog is running though a river.
A motorcyclist "pops a wheelie" in a grassy field framed by rolling hills.	A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water.	A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.	A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue.	A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.	A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
A light brown dog is running in the water.	A brown and white dog running into the water
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.	A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
A young boy is running a race.	A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch.
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle.	A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.
A black dog walking through water.	Two black dogs walking through the snow.
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore.	a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
A black dog is running in snow.	A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.	A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.	Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
A woman is sitting in the water.	The woman is skating in the park.
A brown dog wades in the water.	A dog splashes in the murky water.
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.	a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.	The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
A hockey player looks intently downward.	A hockey player during a game.
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill	A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill.
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick.	A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick.
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee.	A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee.
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.	A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.	Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.	A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	A surfer is riding a large wave.
A person on a snowmobile.	A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
A small dog runs through a field.	Two dogs run through a field.
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.	Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.	Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
A black dog is playing in the snow.	A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.	A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots.	A woman in a short skirt and boots.
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool.	A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
Two brown dogs running together on sand	Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
A young blonde child holding an airplane.	A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.	Two dogs playing together on the grass.
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow.	Two large black dogs run through the snow.
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.	A black poodle is running in the snow.
A girl blows on a dandelion.	A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.	A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
A dog digging in the sand.	A brown dog digs in the sand.
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow.	People riding something in the snow.
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
The dog is running through deep snow.	A dog running through snow.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee.	a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee.
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.	a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water.	A tan dog leaps into the water.
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.	A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.	A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.	A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts.
A basketball player holding a basketball.	A basketball player is scoring a basket.
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks.	Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks.
A person on a bmx bike.	A man on a bike in mid-air
Two dogs running through tall grass.	Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.	A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A black and white dog jumping into the air.	A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle.
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball.	Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball
A group of people standing outside of a building.	A large group of people have formed a line outside.
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.	A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.	A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.	Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.	A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.	A black and white dog playing in the sand.
Two dogs are playing in the snow.	The dogs are running in the snow.
A boy waves around a sparkler.	A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard.	A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves.
A woman wearing a pink Tinker Bell jacket leans against a railing.	A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.	Two dogs play in the grass.
Two white dogs running in the grass together.	Two dogs run and play with a brown stick.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
Two boys are jumping into a pool.	Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital	A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes	A man and two women dressed in costumes.
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other.	Two dogs stand in water and bite each other's mouths.
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground.	A greyish dog running in the snow.
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.	Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.	A woman runs beside a concrete wall.
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground	Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team.
A dog is running through the snow.	A brown dog is running through the field.
Two dogs playing in snow.	Two dogs play in the snow.
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection.	Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.	A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.	A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
A woman holding a newspaper.	A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
A group of men playing brass instruments.	A group of guys play instruments outside.
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.	Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
a snowboarder jumps into the air.	A snowboarder flies through the air.
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.	a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.	A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
Kids play soccer on a field.	Three boys playing soccer in a field
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.	A group of men play a college football game.
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.	A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch.
A dog is leaping through the grass.	A dog running through the water.
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.	A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.	A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.	A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves.	A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera.
A dog laying down on a green cushion.	A brown dog laying on a green cushion.
The black and white dog runs through the grass.	three black and white dogs running through a watery field.
A brown dog plays in the snow.	a brown dog plays with the hose.
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.	A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.	Two black dogs and one white dog interact.
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp.	The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water.	A girl wading through water in a lake.
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach.	A boy running through surf on a beach.
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.	Two dogs playing in a yard.
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.	The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.	A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand.	A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand.
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.	A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.	a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.	A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.	A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.	A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.	A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.	A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.	A dog pants while standing in the woods.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach.	A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach.
Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.	Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.	a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.	A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
A dog jumps over a chain.	A dog jumps down a flight of stairs.
The tan and white dog is running in the field.	The brown and white dogs run through the field.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.	Two poodles are running through the snow.
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.	Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall, snowy mountain.
a dog jumps into the pond.	the skateboarder jumps into the air.
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.	A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.	A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
A girl sliding down a pole	A young girl sliding down a black pole.
Dog is jumping down a ramp.	A girls is jumping in the sand.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.	Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field.
The dog plays in the park.	The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
A woman pointing at a geyser.	Women pointing at a geyser.
A dog is running through some water.	A black dog is running through the snow.
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.	A little girl on a kid swing.
Two girls arm wrestling, while another looks on.	Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches.
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area.	A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
A dog runs through a very wooded area.	A dog running through a creek.
a skateboarder grinds a rail.	A skateboarder uses a ramp.
Two birds interacting in the grass	Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat.	A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult's lap.
Four dogs stand in the snow.	Four dogs playing in the snow.
A black dog asleep in a car.	A black and tan dog sleeps in the car.
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.	A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass.
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.	A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.	Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.	A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree.
Two dogs run through grass.	Two brown dogs run through the grass.
Two young soccer players race to the goal.	Two soccer players rush to kick the ball.
A man running on a track.	a man running track
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in mid air.	A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee.
Two children in a field of red flowers.	Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.	A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
A small black dog is in the grass.	A black dog is running in the grass.
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.	Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
the black and white dog is running through the ocean.	The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.	A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
A black dog is running along the beach.	A dog is running on the beach.
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek.	A black dog splashes through greenish water.
Two girls taking a picture of themselves	Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves.
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.	A dog running along a fence on a dirt track.
Children play fight with swords.	A child and parent pet a horse.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.	A dog is running through the ocean.
A man is skating down a set of stairs.	The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
Three dogs racing on a dirt track	Cars racing on a dirt track
A man and a small girl floating on an innertube.	A young girl wearing a bikini in an inner tube.
A group of dogs run through the snowy field.	A dog runs through a snowy field.
Two women walking down the street	A man walking two dogs down a street.
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.	Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog.
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.	Two men walking past a mural of a car.
The skier is doing a flip through some trees	Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
The black dog is running through the grass.	A black dog running through water.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee	A brown dog squating on grass.
A dog plays in the water.	a dog plays in the snow.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.	A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
A person is climbing a snowy mountain.	The person is in the snowy mountains.
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball.	Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.	A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.	Three dogs run through a field.
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl.	An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
two puppies playing around in the grass	Two puppies play in the grass
A football player kicks the ball.	An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball.
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.	A dog runs through the grass.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.	Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
Three dogs running through water.	A black dog running through water.
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.	Brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
A woman sits alone against a brick wall	A woman is walking with a red bag.
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.	A black and white rally car takes the turn.
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree.	A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree.
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.	A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background.	A sports team poses on the field.
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors.	four children are playing on a trampoline.
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.	A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.	A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
The dogs are playing in the snow.	Two dogs playing on the shore.
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.	A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.	A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
A brown dog sits on the beach.	A dog running on the beach
A man who is resting his head on his hand.	A woman resting her face on her hand.
A dog in a car.	A black and tan dog sleeps in the car.
A black and white dog is running on the beach.	A white dog is running on sand.
Scuba diver submerged in water.	The scuba diver is underwater.
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.	A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.	Four dogs playing in the snow.
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.	A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.	A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
A dog in in a car.	A dog is biting a mop.
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth.
Child holding an object that is on fire.	A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.	A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
two tan dogs play in the grass	A lean dog playing in tall grass.
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
a young boy climbing on a rock wall	Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
A police officer directs traffic on a city street.	A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
A black and white dog runs through grass.	Brown and white dog running through a grassy field.
Little girl jumping in water puddle	A girl jumping in a puddle.
The black and white dog is running on the grass.	A boy and a dog running on grass
A black and white dog is running on the beach.	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
White dog outside with two people in background.	Little boy coming at camera down blue slide, smiling woman in background.
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red.	A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man.
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	A person skiing down a snowy hill.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.	A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
A child and two dogs play in the water.	A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.	A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow.	A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.	People ride up an escalator.
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head.	A woman looking upward with her hand above her head.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.	Three little children are sitting in the grass.
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water.	A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.	Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.	The brown dog is running across the sand.
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.	People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack.
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.	A dog jumps off the stairs.
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue.	Two people stand looking at a light scupture at night.
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building.	A young girl standing in front of a fountain
Two dogs are playing in the snow.	Two dogs are playing in a pool.
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.	Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail.	A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.
Two dogs play in the snow.	Two dogs wrestle in the snow.
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide	a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide.
A man blowing a large bubble.	A man walking a large black horse.
A brown dog shaking its head.	A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head.
Two people sit on a dock near the water.	Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter.	Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.	a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
The black and white dog is running on the grass.	A black and white dog swims in blue water.
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.	A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water, with stick in mouth.	a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing it's teeth.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.	A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
A black and white dog is running on the beach.	The black and white dog is running in the damp sand.
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.	A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.	a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.	A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
A dog running along the beach.	Boy and girl running along the beach.
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.	A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water.
child hanging upside down from a tree swing	A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing.
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.	The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.	A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.	Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church.
A black dog is running in the grass.	A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.	Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill.
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking, surrounded by wilderness.	Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water.	A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water.
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.	Two soccer teams are playing, one is in white the other in red.
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.	Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy.
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting.	The brown dog is wearing a black collar.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	A woman is riding her bicycle.
Three dogs play in a grassy field.	Some kids play in a field.
A small white dog climbs over a log.	a small dog steps onto a log.
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.	A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
A lean dog runs through green grass.	A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
Two boys playing in water.	Young boys enjoying a spray of water.
A surfer on a wave.	A surfer is riding a wave.
Two dogs running through tall grass.	Three dogs running through the snow.
a black dog runs across the snow.	A black dog is running across a field.
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.	Two dogs play in the snow.
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds.	Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair.
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside.	Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half.
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.	Three dogs play in the grass.
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore.	Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole.	A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.	Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.	The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
A group of children playing with props	a group of children playing with a dog
A brown dog running after a a red ball.	A brown dog is running along a beach.
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.	Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks.
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.	A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water.
Two men in a running contest.	Dogs in a race.
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him.	A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth.
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain.	A skier about to go down the mountain.
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.	Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach.
A skateboarder mid air with his skateboard.	Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
A black and white dog runs through the water.	Black and brown dog runs through field.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.	Two children walking down a path in the woods.
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background.	A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene.
A biker jumps an obstacles.	A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle.
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.	The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
A woman runs on the beach.	a dog runs across the land.
A girl dances on a stage.	A girl dances on a sidewalk.
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.	Two dogs running on grass.
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground.	A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.	Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed.	A swan is flying through a body of water.
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill.	Two children go sledding.
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic.	A person standing on a ridge in the desert.
A brown dog biting a horse's leg.	A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
A shirtless man rock climbs.	A man rock climbing.
a group of dogs playing	A group of dogs racing.
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.	A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water	A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby.
A small dog runs through a grassy field.	Two dogs bound across the grass.
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.	A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
A child catcher reaching out his MIT to catch a ball.	A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air.	A boy, wearing a baseball cap, jumps in the air near some steps.
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.	Three dogs are in the snow.
Two people are walking through some water.	Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.	A little girl swimming in a pool.
A girl is running on a desert path.	A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass.	A brown dog runs through the grass.
a group of skiers going up a mountain	four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
A brown dog laying on a blue sheet.	A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.	A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
A dog standing near snow looking at water.	A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods.
A dog splashing in the water.	A dog splashes in the murky water.
a black, brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth.	A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.	A little girl is riding a horse in the woods.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.	a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth.	A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth.
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it.	A brown dog lies on its back in the grass, holding a ball in its mouth.
The dog is in the air above the grass.	The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.	Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
Young boy plays ball on the beach.	A dog plays on the beach.
A black dog is running through some water.	A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.	Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.	The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth	The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass.	A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass.
A man juggles at the beach.	A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	A classroom of students watching a presentation.
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.	A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
A child pushes another child on a swing.	The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside.
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.	A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags.	a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags.
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.	A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel.	The man is doing a trick on his green bike.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.	The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
A young girl running on the beach.	A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
A baseball player throws the ball.	The basketball player holds the ball.
A white dog runs into a lake.	A white dog jumps into a pool.
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.	Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard.
A man is swinging on a rope over water.	A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.	A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
A man doing a trick on a skateboard.	A man in mid air on a skateboard.
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.	A girl does the backstroke in the pool.
A deer jumps a fence.	A deer is jumping over a fence.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.	a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
a dog sprints across the water.	A dog jumps through water.
